2185	adjudicated	1	Across Europe and Central Asia, approximately one million children live in large residential institutions, usually known as orphanages. Most people imagine orphanages as a benign environment that care for children. Others know more about the living conditions there, but still think they're a necessary evil. After all, where else would we put all of those children who don't have any parents?But 60 years of research has demonstrated that separating children from their families and placing them in large institutions seriously harms their health and development, and this is particularly true for young babies. As we know, babies are born without
2407	adjudicated	1	Three years ago, I was standing about a hundred yards from Chernobyl nuclear reactor number four. My Geiger counter dosimeter, which measures radiation, was going berserk, and the closer I got, the more frenetic it became, and frantic. My God.I was there covering the 25th anniversary of the world's worst nuclear accident, as you can see by the look on my face, reluctantly so, but with good reason, because the nuclear fire that burned for 11 days back in 1986 released 400 times as much radiation as the bomb dropped on Hiroshima, and the sarcophagus, which is the covering over
1202	adjudicated	1	I normally teach courses on how to rebuild states after war. But today I've got a personal story to share with you. This is a picture of my family, my four siblings — my mom and I — taken in 1977. And we're actually Cambodians. And this picture is taken in Vietnam. So how did a Cambodian family end up in Vietnam in 1977? Well to explain that, I've got a short video clip to explain the Khmer Rouge regime during 1975 and 1979.Video: April 17th, 1975. The communist Khmer Rouge enters Phnom Penh to liberate their people from the
1123	adjudicated	1	When most people think about the beginnings of AIDS, they're gonna think back to the 1980s. And certainly, this was the decade in which we discovered AIDS and the virus that causes it, HIV. But in fact this virus crossed over into humans many decades before, from chimpanzees, where the virus originated, into humans who hunt these apes.This photo was taken before the Great Depression in Brazzaville, Congo. At this time, there were thousands of individuals, we think, that were infected with HIV.So I have a couple of really important questions for you. If this virus was in thousands of
2345	adjudicated	3	"Where do you come from? It's such a simple question, but these days, of course, simple questions bring ever more complicated answers. People are always asking me where I come from, and they're expecting me to say India, and they're absolutely right insofar as 100 percent of my blood and ancestry does come from India. Except, I've never lived one day of my life there. I can't speak even one word of its more than 22,000 dialects. So I don't think I've really earned the right to call myself an Indian. And if ""Where do you come from?"" means ""Where"
1544	adjudicated	2	"My story is a little bit about war. It's about disillusionment. It's about death. And it's about rediscovering idealism in all of that wreckage. And perhaps also, there's a lesson about how to deal with our screwed-up, fragmenting and dangerous world of the 21st century. I don't believe in straightforward narratives. I don't believe in a life or history written as decision ""A"" led to consequence ""B"" led to consequence ""C"" — these neat narratives that we're presented with, and that perhaps we encourage in each other. I believe in randomness, and one of the reasons I believe that is"
950	adjudicated	3	I'm a, or was, or kind of am a toy designer. And before I was a toy designer, oh, I was a mime, a street mime, actually. And then I was an entertainer, I guess. And before that, I was a silversmith, and before that, I was — I was out of the house at about 15 and a half, and I never wound up going into college. I didn't really — I didn't see the point at the time. I do now, after learning about all the quantum stuff. Laughter) It's really cool.Anyway, I wanted to show you a
2613	adjudicated	1	I have the feeling that we can all agree that we're moving towards a new model of the state and society. But, we're absolutely clueless as to what this is or what it should be. It seems like we need to have a conversation about democracyin our day and age. Let's think about it this way: We are 21st-century citizens, doing our very, very best to interact with 19th century-designed institutions that are based on an information technology of the 15th century. Let's have a look at some of the characteristics of this system. First of all, it's designed for
818	adjudicated	2	Cultural evolution is a dangerous child for any species to let loose on its planet. By the time you realize what's happening, the child is a toddler, up and causing havoc, and it's too late to put it back. We humans are Earth's Pandoran species. We're the ones who let the second replicator out of its box, and we can't push it back in. We're seeing the consequences all around us.Now that, I suggest, is the view that comes out of taking memetics seriously. And it gives us a new way of thinking about not only what's going on on
2807	adjudicated	1	A few years ago, with my colleague, Emmanuelle Charpentier, I invented a new technology for editing genomes. It's called CRISPR-Cas9. The CRISPR technology allows scientists to make changes to the DNA in cells that could allow us to cure genetic disease.You might be interested to know that the CRISPR technology came about through a basic research project that was aimed at discovering how bacteria fight viral infections. Bacteria have to deal with viruses in their environment, and we can think about a viral infection like a ticking time bomb — a bacterium has only a few minutes to defuse the
967	adjudicated	2	"You all know this story. In the summer of 1950, Enrico Fermi, the Italian-American physicist and atomic-pile builder, went to lunch at Los Alamos National Laboratory and joined some colleagues there, and asked them a question: ""Where is everybody?"" This confused his colleagues, obviously, because they were sitting right there with him. And then he had to clarify that he wasn't talking about them. He was talking about the space aliens.You see, this was only a few years after the supposed flying saucer crash at Roswell, New Mexico. And even though that turned out to be nothing, nothing at all"
2292	adjudicated	2	At 7:45 a.m., I open the doors to a building dedicated to building, yet only breaks me down. I march down hallways cleaned up after me every day by regular janitors, but I never have the decency to honor their names. Lockers left open like teenage boys' mouths when teenage girls wear clothes that covers their insecurities but exposes everything else. Masculinity mimicked by men who grew up with no fathers, camouflage worn by bullies who are dangerously armed but need hugs. Teachers paid less than what it costs them to be here. Oceans of adolescents come here to receive
2306	adjudicated	1	"""Even in purely non-religious terms, homosexuality represents a misuse of the sexual faculty. It is a pathetic little second-rate substitute for reality — a pitiable flight from life. As such, it deserves no compassion, it deserves no treatment as minority martyrdom, and it deserves not to be deemed anything but a pernicious sickness.""That's from Time magazine in 1966, when I was three years old. And last year, the president of the United States came out in favor of gay marriage.(Applause)And my question is, how did we get from there to here? How did an illness become an identity?When I was"
594	adjudicated	3	Allison Hunt: My three minutes hasn't started yet, has it?Chris Anderson: No, you can't start the three minutes. Reset the three minutes, that's just not fair.AH: Oh my God, it's harsh up here. I mean I'm nervous enough as it is.But I am not as nervous as I was five weeks ago. Five weeks ago I had total hip replacement surgery. Do you know that surgery? Electric saw, power drill, totally disgusting unless you're David Bolinsky, in which case it's all truth and beauty. Sure David, if it's not your hip, it's truth and beauty.Anyway, I did have a really
613	adjudicated	3	I am very, very happy to be amidst some of the most — the lights are really disturbing my eyes and they're reflecting on my glasses. I am very happy and honored to be amidst very, very innovative and intelligent people. I have listened to the three previous speakers, and guess what happened? Every single thing I planned to say, they have said it here, and it looks and sounds like I have nothing else to say.(Laughter)But there is a saying in my culture that if a bud leaves a tree without saying something, that bud is a young one.
3051	adjudicated	3	Have you ever heard the one about how breastfeeding is free?(Laughter)Yeah, it's pretty funny, because it's only free if we don't value women's time and energy. Any mother can tell you how much time and energy it takes to liquify her body — to literally dissolve herself —(Laughter)as she feeds this precious little cannibal.(Laughter)Milk is why mammals suck. At Arizona State University, in the Comparative Lactation Lab, I decode mothers' milk composition to understand its complexity and how it influences infant development. The most important thing that I've learned is that we do not do enough to support mothers and
3122	adjudicated	1	"The philosopher Plato once said, ""Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything."" Music has always been a big part of my life. To create and to perform music connects you to people countries and lifetimes away. It connects you to the people you're playing with, to your audience and to yourself. When I'm happy, when I'm sad, when I'm bored, when I'm stressed, I listen to and I create music.When I was younger, I played piano; later, I took up guitar. And as I started high school, music"
1703	adjudicated	1	How often do we hear that people just don't care? How many times have you been told that real, substantial change isn't possible because most people are too selfish, too stupid or too lazy to try to make a difference in their community? I propose to you today that apathy as we think we know it doesn't actually exist; but rather, that people do care, but that we live in a world that actively discourages engagement by constantly putting obstacles and barriers in our way.I'll give you some examples of what I mean. Let's start with city hall. You ever
3125	adjudicated	1	Someday, we may have robots as smart as people, artificial intelligence, AI. How could that happen? One route is that we'll just keep accumulating better software, like we've been doing for 70 years. At past rates of progress, that may take centuries. Some say it'll happen a lot faster as we discover grand new powerful theories of intelligence. I'm skeptical.But a third scenario is what I'm going to talk about today. The idea is to port the software from the human brain. To do this, we're going to need three technologies to be good enough, and none of them are
3141	adjudicated	3	When someone mentions Cuba, what do you think about? Classic, classic cars? Perhaps good cigars? Maybe you think of a famous baseball player. What about when somebody mentions North Korea? You think about those missile tests, maybe their notorious leader or his good friend, Dennis Rodman.(Laughter)One thing that likely doesn't come to mind is a vision of a country, an open economy, whose citizens have access to a wide range of affordable consumer products.I'm not here to argue how these countries got to where they are today. I simply want to use them as an example of countries and citizens
1006	adjudicated	2	What I'd like you to do is, just really quickly, is just, sort of, nod to the person on your right, and then nod to the person on your left. (Laughter) Now, chances are that over the last winter, if you had been a beehive, either you or one of the two people you just nodded at would have died. Now, that's an awful lot of bees. And this is the second year in a row we have lost over 30 percent of the colonies, or we estimate we've lost 30 percent of the colonies over the winter.Now, that's a
3114	adjudicated	2	Before I get to bulk of what I have to say, I feel compelled just to mention a couple of things about myself. I am not some mystical, spiritual sort of person. I'm a science writer. I studied physics in college. I used to be a science correspondent for NPR. OK, that said: in the course of working on a story for NPR, I got some advice from an astronomer that challenged my outlook, and frankly, changed my life.You see, the story was about an eclipse, a partial solar eclipse that was set to cross the country in May of
3119	adjudicated	2	Hi everyone. So, I'm going to take us back to 2007. I'd just spent about six months working on album that I'd poured my heart and my soul into, and it was getting about three plays per day on Myspace at the time, and I was getting more and more depressed when I started noticing these other people who were playing guitar and singing and putting videos on this new site called YouTube, and they were getting 300,000 views. So I decided I'm going to start making some Youtube videos. And one day they featured a video of my band
1305	adjudicated	1	The future, as we know it, is very unpredictable. The best minds in the best institutions generally get it wrong. This is in technology. This is in the area of politics, where pundits, the CIA, MI6 always get it wrong. And it's clearly in the area of finance. With institutions established to think about the future, the IMF, the BIS, the Financial Stability Forum, couldn't see what was coming. Over 20,000 economists whose job it is, competitive entry to get there, couldn't see what was happening.Globalization is getting more complex. And this change is getting more rapid. The future will
579	adjudicated	2	"So, I kind of believe that we're in like the ""cave-painting"" era of computer interfaces. Like, they're very kind of — they don't go as deep or as emotionally engaging as they possibly could be and I'd like to change all that. Hit me. OK. So I mean, this is the kind of status quo interface, right? It's very flat, kind of rigid. And OK, so you could sex it up and like go to a much more lickable Mac, you know, but really it's the kind of same old crap we've had for the last, you know, 30 years."
2018	adjudicated	3	"Hi. (Laughter)I did that for two reasons. First of all, I wanted to give you a good visual first impression. But the main reason I did it is that that's what happens to me when I'm forced to wear a Lady Gaga skanky mic.(Laughter)I'm used to a stationary mic. It's the sensible shoe of public address.(Laughter)But you clamp this thing on my head, and something happens. I just become skanky. (Laughter) So I'm sorry about that. And I'm already off-message.(Laughter)Ladies and gentlemen, I have devoted the past 25 years of my life to designing books. (""Yes, BOOKS. You know, the"
393	adjudicated	3	"So anyway, who am I? I usually say to people, when they say, ""What do you do?"" I say, ""I do hardware,"" because it sort of conveniently encompasses everything I do. And I recently said that to a venture capitalist casually at some Valley event, to which he replied, ""How quaint.""(Laughter)And I sort of really was dumbstruck. And I really should have said something smart. And now I've had a little bit of time to think about it, I would have said, ""Well, you know, if we look at the next 100 years and we've seen all these problems in"
2559	adjudicated	2	This is a lot of ones and zeros. It's what we call binary information. This is how computers talk. It's how they store information. It's how computers think. It's how computers do everything it is that computers do. I'm a cybersecurity researcher, which means my job is to sit down with this information and try to make sense of it, to try to understand what all the ones and zeroes mean. Unfortunately for me, we're not just talking about the ones and zeros I have on the screen here. We're not just talking about a few pages of ones and
602	adjudicated	3	"I just heard the best joke about Bond Emeruwa. I was having lunch with him just a few minutes ago, and a Nigerian journalist comes — and this will only make sense if you've ever watched a James Bond movie — and a Nigerian journalist comes up to him and goes, ""Aha, we meet again, Mr. Bond!"" (Laughter) It was great.So, I've got a little sheet of paper here, mostly because I'm Nigerian and if you leave me alone, I'll talk for like two hours.I just want to say good afternoon, good evening. It's been an incredible few days. It's"
2742	adjudicated	1	I've learned some of my most important life lessons from drug dealers and gang members and prostitutes, and I've had some of my most profound theological conversations not in the hallowed halls of a seminary but on a street corner on a Friday night, at 1 a.m.That's a little unusual, since I am a Baptist minister, seminary-trained, and pastored a church for over 20 years, but it's true. It came as a part of my participation in a public safety crime reduction strategy that saw a 79 percent reduction in violent crime over an eight-year period in a major city.But
1525	adjudicated	1	"For a moment, what I need to do is project something on the screen of your imagination. We're in 17th century Japan on the west coast, and a little, wizened monk is hurrying along, near midnight, to the crest of a small hill. He arrives on the small hill, dripping with water. He stands there, and he looks across at the island, Sado. And he scans across the ocean, and he looks at the sky. Then he says to himself, very quietly, ""[Turbulent the sea,] [Stretching across to Sado] [The Milky Way]."" Basho was a brilliant man. He said more"
1434	adjudicated	2	I wanted to be a rock star. I dreamed of it, and that's all I dreamed of. To be more accurate, I wanted to be a pop star. This was in the late '80s. And mostly I wanted to be the fifth member of Depeche Mode or Duran Duran. They wouldn't have me. I didn't read music, but I played synthesizers and drum machines. And I grew up in this little farming town in northern Nevada. And I was certain that's what my life would be.And when I went to college at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas when I
2779	adjudicated	1	"Over the past 10 years, I've been researching the way people organize and visualize information. And I've noticed an interesting shift.For a long period of time, we believed in a natural ranking order in the world around us, also known as the great chain of being, or ""Scala naturae"" in Latin, a top-down structure that normally starts with God at the very top, followed by angels, noblemen, common people, animals, and so on. This idea was actually based on Aristotle's ontology, which classified all things known to man in a set of opposing categories, like the ones you see behind"
882	adjudicated	2	Who are we? That is the big question. And essentially we are just an upright-walking, big-brained, super-intelligent ape. This could be us. We belong to the family called the Hominidae. We are the species called Homo sapiens sapiens, and it's important to remember that, in terms of our place in the world today and our future on planet Earth.We are one species of about five and a half thousand mammalian species that exist on planet Earth today. And that's just a tiny fraction of all species that have ever lived on the planet in past times. We're one species out
1670	adjudicated	1	This is Revolution 2.0. No one was a hero. No one was a hero. Because everyone was a hero. Everyone has done something. We all use Wikipedia. If you think of the concept of Wikipedia where everyone is collaborating on content, and at the end of the day you've built the largest encyclopedia in the world. From just an idea that sounded crazy, you have the largest encyclopedia in the world.And in the Egyptian revolution, the Revolution 2.0, everyone has contributed something, small or big. They contributed something — to bring us one of the most inspiring stories in the
1676	adjudicated	2	Imagine if you could record your life — everything you said, everything you did, available in a perfect memory store at your fingertips, so you could go back and find memorable moments and relive them, or sift through traces of time and discover patterns in your own life that previously had gone undiscovered. Well that's exactly the journey that my family began five and a half years ago. This is my wife and collaborator, Rupal. And on this day, at this moment, we walked into the house with our first child, our beautiful baby boy. And we walked into a
2289	adjudicated	1	In this talk today, I want to present a different idea for why investing in early childhood education makes sense as a public investment. It's a different idea, because usually, when people talk about early childhood programs, they talk about all the wonderful benefits for participants in terms of former participants, in preschool, they have better K-12 test scores, better adult earnings. Now that's all very important, but what I want to talk about is what preschool does for state economies and for promoting state economic development.And that's actually crucial because if we're going to get increased investment in early
2850	adjudicated	1	We've evolved with tools, and tools have evolved with us. Our ancestors created these hand axes 1.5 million years ago, shaping them to not only fit the task at hand but also their hand.However, over the years, tools have become more and more specialized. These sculpting tools have evolved through their use, and each one has a different form which matches its function. And they leverage the dexterity of our hands in order to manipulate things with much more precision. But as tools have become more and more complex, we need more complex controls to control them. And so designers
2266	adjudicated	3	"In two weeks time, that's the ninth anniversary of the day I first stepped out onto that hallowed ""Jeopardy"" set. I mean, nine years is a long time. And given ""Jeopardy's"" average demographics, I think what that means is most of the people who saw me on that show are now dead. (Laughter) But not all, a few are still alive. Occasionally I still get recognized at the mall or whatever. And when I do, it's as a bit of a know-it-all. I think that ship has sailed, it's too late for me. For better or for worse, that's what"
1972	adjudicated	1	"When we park in a big parking lot, how do we remember where we parked our car? Here's the problem facing Homer. And we're going to try to understand what's happening in his brain.So we'll start with the hippocampus, shown in yellow, which is the organ of memory. If you have damage there, like in Alzheimer's, you can't remember things including where you parked your car. It's named after Latin for ""seahorse,"" which it resembles. And like the rest of the brain, it's made of neurons.So the human brain has about a hundred billion neurons in it. And the neurons"
2030	adjudicated	1	People are living longer and societies are getting grayer. You hear about it all the time. You read about it in your newspapers. You hear about it on your television sets. Sometimes, I'm concerned that we hear about it so much that we've come to accept longer lives with a kind of a complacency, even ease. But make no mistake, longer lives can — and, I believe, will improve quality of life at all ages.Now to put this in perspective, let me just zoom out for a minute. More years were added to average life expectancy in the 20th century
2645	adjudicated	1	"I would like to start with the story of Mary, a woman from an African village. Her first memories are of her family fleeing violent riots orchestrated by the ruling political party. Her brother was murdered by the state-sponsored militia, and she was raped more than once just because she belonged to the wrong party.One morning, a month before the election, Mary's village was called to another intimidation meeting. In this meeting, there is a man standing in front of them, telling them, ""We know who you are, we know who you will vote for, and if you're not going"
2381	adjudicated	2	We are going to take a quick voyage over the cognitive history of the 20th century, because during that century, our minds have altered dramatically. As you all know, the cars that people drove in 1900 have altered because the roads are better and because of technology. And our minds have altered, too. We've gone from people who confronted a concrete world and analyzed that world primarily in terms of how much it would benefit them to people who confront a very complex world, and it's a world where we've had to develop new mental habits, new habits of mind.
310	adjudicated	1	Walk around for four months with three wishes, and all the ideas will start to percolate up. I think everybody should do it — think that you've got three wishes. And what would you do? It's actually a great exercise to really drill down to the things that you feel are important, and really reflect on the world around us. And thinking that, can an individual actually do something, or come up with something, that may actually get some traction out there and make a difference? Inspired by nature — that's the theme here. And I think, quite frankly, that's
1984	adjudicated	3	I'm a computer science professor, and my area of expertise is computer and information security. When I was in graduate school, I had the opportunity to overhear my grandmother describing to one of her fellow senior citizens what I did for a living. Apparently, I was in charge of making sure that no one stole the computers from the university. (Laughter) And, you know, that's a perfectly reasonable thing for her to think, because I told her I was working in computer security, and it was interesting to get her perspective.But that's not the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard
1347	adjudicated	1	As a magician, I try to create images that make people stop and think. I also try to challenge myself to do things that doctors say are not possible. I was buried alive in New York City in a coffin, buried alive in a coffin in April, 1999, for a week. I lived there with nothing but water. And it ended up being so much fun that I decided I could pursue doing more of these things. The next one is I froze myself in a block of ice for three days and three nights in New York City. That
1741	adjudicated	1	Think about your day for a second. You woke up, felt fresh air on your face as you walked out the door, encountered new colleagues and had great discussions, and felt in awe when you found something new. But I bet there's something you didn't think about today — something so close to home that you probably don't think about it very often at all. And that's that all the sensations, feelings, decisions and actions are mediated by the computer in your head called the brain.Now the brain may not look like much from the outside — a couple pounds
807	adjudicated	3	I write about food. I write about cooking. I take it quite seriously, but I'm here to talk about something that's become very important to me in the last year or two. It is about food, but it's not about cooking, per se. I'm going to start with this picture of a beautiful cow. I'm not a vegetarian — this is the old Nixon line, right? But I still think that this — (Laughter) — may be this year's version of this.Now, that is only a little bit hyperbolic. And why do I say it? Because only once before has
2317	adjudicated	2	"I made a film that was impossible to make, but I didn't know it was impossible, and that's how I was able to do it.""Mars et Avril"" is a science fiction film. It's set in Montreal some 50 years in the future. No one had done that kind of movie in Quebec before because it's expensive, it's set in the future, and it's got tons of visual effects, and it's shot on green screen. Yet this is the kind of movie that I wanted to make ever since I was a kid, really, back when I was reading some comic"
1802	adjudicated	1	I love the Internet. It's true. Think about everything it has brought us. Think about all the services we use, all the connectivity, all the entertainment, all the business, all the commerce. And it's happening during our lifetimes. I'm pretty sure that one day we'll be writing history books hundreds of years from now. This time our generation will be remembered as the generation that got online, the generation that built something really and truly global. But yes, it's also true that the Internet has problems, very serious problems, problems with security and problems with privacy. I've spent my career
2280	adjudicated	1	We always hear that texting is a scourge. The idea is that texting spells the decline and fall of any kind of serious literacy, or at least writing ability, among young people in the United States and now the whole world today. The fact of the matter is that it just isn't true, and it's easy to think that it is true, but in order to see it in another way, in order to see that actually texting is a miraculous thing, not just energetic, but a miraculous thing, a kind of emergent complexity that we're seeing happening right now,
2419	adjudicated	1	So yesterday, I was out in the street in front of this building, and I was walking down the sidewalk, and I had company, several of us, and we were all abiding by the rules of walking down sidewalks. We're not talking each other. We're facing forward. We're moving. When the person in front of me slows down. And so I'm watching him, and he slows down, and finally he stops. Well, that wasn't fast enough for me, so I put on my turn signal, and I walked around him, and as I walked, I looked to see what he
0	adjudicated	3	Good morning. How are you?(Laughter)It's been great, hasn't it? I've been blown away by the whole thing. In fact, I'm leaving.(Laughter)There have been three themes running through the conference which are relevant to what I want to talk about. One is the extraordinary evidence of human creativity in all of the presentations that we've had and in all of the people here. Just the variety of it and the range of it. The second is that it's put us in a place where we have no idea what's going to happen, in terms of the future. No idea how this
1707	adjudicated	1	"My students often ask me, ""What is sociology?"" And I tell them it's the study of the way in which human beings are shaped by things that they don't see. And they say, ""So, how can I be a sociologist? How can I understand those invisible forces?"" And I say, ""Empathy. Start with empathy. It all begins with empathy. Take yourself out of your shoes, put yourself into the shoes of another person.""Here, I'll give you an example. So I imagine my life if, a hundred years ago, China had been the most powerful nation in the world and they"
1682	adjudicated	1	I want to ask you all to consider for a second the very simple fact that, by far, most of what we know about the universe comes to us from light. We can stand on the Earth and look up at the night sky and see stars with our bare eyes. The Sun burns our peripheral vision. We see light reflected off the Moon. And in the time since Galileo pointed that rudimentary telescope at the celestial bodies, the known universe has come to us through light, across vast eras in cosmic history. And with all of our modern telescopes,
1969	adjudicated	2	When I was seven years old and my sister was just five years old, we were playing on top of a bunk bed. I was two years older than my sister at the time — I mean, I'm two years older than her now — but at the time it meant she had to do everything that I wanted to do, and I wanted to play war. So we were up on top of our bunk beds. And on one side of the bunk bed, I had put out all of my G.I. Joe soldiers and weaponry. And on the
271	adjudicated	1	Thank you. It's really an honor and a privilege to be here spending my last day as a teenager. Today I want to talk to you about the future, but first I'm going to tell you a bit about the past. My story starts way before I was born. My grandmother was on a train to Auschwitz, the death camp. And she was going along the tracks, and the tracks split. And somehow — we don't really know exactly the whole story — but the train took the wrong track and went to a work camp rather than the death
2634	adjudicated	1	"If there's any power in design, that's the power of synthesis. The more complex the problem, the more the need for simplicity. So allow me to share three cases where we tried to apply design's power of synthesis.Let's start with the global challenge of urbanization. It's a fact that people are moving towards cities. and even if counterintuitive, it's good news. Evidence shows that people are better off in cities. But there's a problem that I would call the ""3S"" menace: The scale, speed, and scarcity of means with which we will have to respond to this phenomenon has no"
3022	adjudicated	1	"So many of you have probably seen the movie ""The Martian."" But for those of you who did not, it's a movie about an astronaut who is stranded on Mars, and his efforts to stay alive until the Earth can send a rescue mission to bring him back to Earth. Gladly, they do re-establish communication with the character, astronaut Watney, at some point so that he's not as alone on Mars until he can be rescued. So while you're watching the movie, or even if you haven't, when you think about Mars, you're probably thinking about how far away it"
1692	adjudicated	2	As a boy, I loved cars. When I turned 18, I lost my best friend to a car accident. Like this. And then I decided I'd dedicate my life to saving one million people every year. Now I haven't succeeded, so this is just a progress report, but I'm here to tell you a little bit about self-driving cars.I saw the concept first in the DARPA Grand Challenges where the U.S. government issued a prize to build a self-driving car that could navigate a desert. And even though a hundred teams were there, these cars went nowhere. So we decided
2554	adjudicated	2	Think of a hard choice you'll face in the near future. It might be between two careers — artist and accountant — or places to live — the city or the country — or even between two people to marry — you could marry Betty or you could marry Lolita. Or it might be a choice about whether to have children, to have an ailing parent move in with you, to raise your child in a religion that your partner lives by but leaves you cold. Or whether to donate your life savings to charity.Chances are, the hard choice you
2941	adjudicated	1	I'll never forget the sound of laughing with my friends. I'll never forget the sound of my mother's voice right before I fell asleep. And I'll never forget the comforting sound of water trickling down a stream. Imagine my fear, pure fear, when, at the age of 10, I was told I was going to lose my hearing. And over the next five years, it progressed until I was classified as profoundly deaf.But I believe that losing my hearing was one of the greatest gifts I've ever received. You see, I get to experience the world in a unique way.
646	adjudicated	1	In the next 18 minutes, I'm going to take you on a journey. And it's a journey that you and I have been on for many years now, and it began some 50 years ago, when humans first stepped off our planet. And in those 50 years, not only did we literally, physically set foot on the moon, but we have dispatched robotic spacecraft to all the planets — all eight of them — and we have landed on asteroids, we have rendezvoused with comets, and, at this point in time, we have a spacecraft on its way to Pluto,
2517	adjudicated	2	Type is something we consume in enormous quantities. In much of the world, it's completely inescapable. But few consumers are concerned to know where a particular typeface came from or when or who designed it, if, indeed, there was any human agency involved in its creation, if it didn't just sort of materialize out of the software ether.But I do have to be concerned with those things. It's my job. I'm one of the tiny handful of people who gets badly bent out of shape by the bad spacing of the T and the E that you see there. I've
1898	adjudicated	1	Everyone's familiar with cancer, but we don't normally think of cancer as being a contagious disease. The Tasmanian devil has shown us that, not only can cancer be a contagious disease, but it can also threaten an entire species with extinction.So first of all, what is a Tasmanian devil? Many of you might be familiar with Taz, the cartoon character, the one that spins around and around and around. But not many people know that there actually is a real animal called the Tasmanian devil, and it's the world's largest carnivorous marsupial. A marsupial is a mammal with a pouch
1024	adjudicated	1	I'm going to talk about a very fundamental change that is going on in the very fabric of the modern economy. And to talk about that, I'm going to go back to the beginning, because in the beginning were commodities. Commodities are things that you grow in the ground, raise on the ground or pull out of the ground: basically, animal, mineral, vegetable. And then you extract them out of the ground, and sell them on the open marketplace. Commodities were the basis of the agrarian economy that lasted for millennia. But then along came the industrial revolution, and then
2386	adjudicated	1	So, we used to solve big problems. On July 21st, 1969, Buzz Aldrin climbed out of Apollo 11's lunar module and descended onto the Sea of Tranquility. Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence on the moon's gray surface was the culmination of a convulsive, collective effort.The Apollo program was the greatest peacetime mobilization in the history of the United States. To get to the moon, NASA spent around 180 billion dollars in today's money, or four percent of the federal budget. Apollo employed around 400,000 people and demanded the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies. People
2079	adjudicated	3	Like most journalists, I'm an idealist. I love unearthing good stories, especially untold stories. I just didn't think that in 2011, women would still be in that category.I'm the President of the Journalism and Women Symposium — JAWS. That's Sharky.(Laughter)I joined 10 years ago because I wanted female role models, and I was frustrated by the lagging status of women in our profession and what that meant for our image in the media. We make up half the population of the world, but we're just 24 percent of the news subjects quoted in news stories. And we're just 20 percent
1638	adjudicated	1	I'm going to be talking to you about how we can tap a really underutilized resource in health care, which is the patient, or, as I like to use the scientific term, people. Because we are all patients, we are all people. Even doctors are patients at some point. So I want to talk about that as an opportunity that we really have failed to engage with very well in this country and, in fact, worldwide. If you want to get at the big part — I mean from a public health level, where my training is — you're looking
1259	adjudicated	1	How do you feed a city? It's one of the great questions of our time. Yet it's one that's rarely asked. We take it for granted that if we go into a shop or restaurant, or indeed into this theater's foyer in about an hour's time, there is going to be food there waiting for us, having magically come from somewhere.But when you think that every day for a city the size of London, enough food has to be produced, transported, bought and sold, cooked, eaten, disposed of, and that something similar has to happen every day for every city
187	adjudicated	1	I'm Rich Baraniuk and what I'd like to talk a little bit about today are some ideas that I think have just tremendous resonance with all the things that have been talked about the last two days. So many different points of resonance that it's going to be difficult to bring them all up, but I'll try to do my best. Does anybody remember these?(Laughter)OK, so these are LP records and they've been replaced, right? They've been swept away over the last two decades by these types of world-flattening digitization technologies, right? And I think it was best witnessed when
530	adjudicated	2	"This is about a place in London called Kiteflyer's Hill where I used to go and spend hours going ""When is he coming back? When is he coming back?"" So this is another one dedicated to that guy ... who I've got over. But this is ""Kiteflyer's Hill."" It's a beautiful song written by a guy called Martin Evan, actually, for me.Boo Hewerdine, Thomas Dolby, thank you very much for inviting me. It's been a blessing singing for you. Thank you very much.♫ Do you remember when we used to go ♫♫ up to Kiteflyer's Hill? ♫♫ Those summer nights,"
1007	adjudicated	1	These rocks have been hitting our earth for about three billion years, and are responsible for much of what’s gone on on our planet. This is an example of a real meteorite, and you can see all the melting of the iron from the speed and the heat when a meteorite hits the earth, and just how much of it survives and melts. From a meteorite from space, we’re over here with an original Sputnik. This is one of the seven surviving Sputniks that was not launched into space. This is not a copy. The space age began 50 years
3145	adjudicated	2	"So, Ma was trying to explain something to me about Grandma and when they grew up, but I couldn't pay attention to her because I was five years old, and I was petrified. I had just seen The Green Lady. Now, about a week earlier, I'd watched that movie ""Godzilla,"" the one about that huge lizard-like beast storming a major city, and the thought of a green monster coming for me was stuck in my mind. And yet there I was, at the tip of Lower Manhattan with my mom, just staring at her: her horns, her muscles — all"
2046	adjudicated	1	I'm going to talk to you about optimism — or more precisely, the optimism bias. It's a cognitive illusion that we've been studying in my lab for the past few years, and 80 percent of us have it.It's our tendency to overestimate our likelihood of experiencing good events in our lives and underestimate our likelihood of experiencing bad events. So we underestimate our likelihood of suffering from cancer, being in a car accident. We overestimate our longevity, our career prospects. In short, we're more optimistic than realistic, but we are oblivious to the fact.Take marriage for example. In the Western
2733	adjudicated	1	You may not realize this, but there are more bacteria in your body than stars in our entire galaxy. This fascinating universe of bacteria inside of us is an integral part of our health, and our technology is evolving so rapidly that today we can program these bacteria like we program computers.Now, the diagram that you see here, I know it looks like some kind of sports play, but it is actually a blueprint of the first bacterial program I developed. And like writing software, we can print and write DNA into different algorithms and programs inside of bacteria. What
2891	adjudicated	1	[On April 3, 2016 we saw the largest data leak in history.] [The Panama Papers exposed rich and powerful people] [hiding vast amounts of money in offshore accounts.] [What does this mean?] [We called Robert Palmer of Global Witness to explain.]This week, there have been a whole slew and deluge of stories coming out from the leak of 11 million documents from a Panamanian-based law firm called Mossack Fonseca. The release of these papers from Panama lifts the veil on a tiny piece of the secretive offshore world. We get an insight into how clients and banks and lawyers go
2890	adjudicated	1	Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, and it is my job, my responsibility, as an astronomer to remind people that alien hypotheses should always be a last resort.Now, I want to tell you a story about that. It involves data from a NASA mission, ordinary people and one of the most extraordinary stars in our galaxy.It began in 2009 with the launch of NASA's Kepler mission. Kepler's main scientific objective was to find planets outside of our solar system. It did this by staring at a single field in the sky, this one, with all the tiny boxes. And in this
2514	adjudicated	2	"When I was born, there was really only one book about how to raise your children, and it was written by Dr. Spock. (Laughter) Thank you for indulging me. I have always wanted to do that.No, it was Benjamin Spock, and his book was called ""The Common Sense Book of Baby And Child Care."" It sold almost 50 million copies by the time he died. Today, I, as the mother of a six-year-old, walk into Barnes and Noble, and see this. And it is amazing the variety that one finds on those shelves. There are guides to raising an eco-friendly"
1946	adjudicated	1	I'm actually going to share something with you I haven't talked about probably in more than 10 years. So bear with me as I take you through this journey. When I was 22 years old, I came home from work, put a leash on my dog and went for my usual run. I had no idea that at that moment, my life was going to change forever. While I was preparing my dog for the run, a man was finishing drinking at a bar, picked up his car keys, got into a car and headed south, or wherever he was.
1669	adjudicated	1	Ten years ago exactly, I was in Afghanistan. I was covering the war in Afghanistan, and I witnessed, as a reporter for Al Jazeera, the amount of suffering and destruction that emerged out of a war like that. Then, two years later, I covered another war — the war in Iraq. I was placed at the center of that war because I was covering the war from the northern part of Iraq. And the war ended with a regime change, like the one in Afghanistan. And that regime that we got rid of was actually a dictatorship, an authoritarian regime,
2170	adjudicated	3	Five years ago, I experienced a bit of what it must have been like to be Alice in Wonderland. Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, to teach a communications class for engineering students. And I was scared. (Laughter) Really scared. Scared of these students with their big brains and their big books and their big, unfamiliar words. But as these conversations unfolded, I experienced what Alice must have when she went down that rabbit hole and saw that door to a whole new world. That's just how I felt as I had those conversations with the students. I was
3140	adjudicated	3	I was born and raised in Dakar, Senegal, and through a combination of accidents and cosmic justice, became a chef in the US.(Laughter)When I first arrived in New York, I began working in these restaurants — different types of restaurants — from French bistro to Italian, global ethnic to modern American. At the time, New York was already well-established as a food capital of the world. However ... with the exception of a few West African and Ethiopian mom-and-pop eateries, there was no such thing as African cuisine in the entire city.Early in my life, I was influenced by Senegal's
2799	adjudicated	1	"Imagine being unable to say, ""I am hungry,"" ""I am in pain,"" ""thank you,"" or ""I love you."" Being trapped inside your body, a body that doesn't respond to commands. Surrounded by people, yet utterly alone. Wishing you could reach out, to connect, to comfort, to participate. For 13 long years, that was my reality.Most of us never think twice about talking, about communicating. I've thought a lot about it. I've had a lot of time to think.For the first 12 years of my life, I was a normal, happy, healthy little boy. Then everything changed. I contracted a brain"
424	adjudicated	1	I'm supposed to scare you, because it's about fear, right? And you should be really afraid, but not for the reasons why you think you should be. You should be really afraid that — if we stick up the first slide on this thing — there we go — that you're missing out. Because if you spend this week thinking about Iraq and thinking about Bush and thinking about the stock market, you're going to miss one of the greatest adventures that we've ever been on. And this is what this adventure's really about. This is crystallized DNA. Every life
1715	adjudicated	2	How would you like to be better than you are? Suppose I said that, with just a few changes in your genes, you could get a better memory — more precise, more accurate and quicker. Or maybe you'd like to be more fit, stronger, with more stamina. Would you like to be more attractive and self-confident? How about living longer with good health? Or perhaps you're one of those who's always yearned for more creativity. Which one would you like the most? Which would you like, if you could have just one? (Audience Member: Creativity.) Creativity. How many people would
2163	adjudicated	3	So I want to start by offering you a free no-tech life hack, and all it requires of you is this: that you change your posture for two minutes. But before I give it away, I want to ask you to right now do a little audit of your body and what you're doing with your body. So how many of you are sort of making yourselves smaller? Maybe you're hunching, crossing your legs, maybe wrapping your ankles. Sometimes we hold onto our arms like this. Sometimes we spread out. (Laughter) I see you. So I want you to pay
2712	adjudicated	2	G'day, my name's Kevin. I'm from Australia. I'm here to help. (Laughter)Tonight, I want to talk about a tale of two cities. One of those cities is called Washington, and the other is called Beijing. Because how these two capitals shape their future and the future of the United States and the future of China doesn't just affect those two countries, it affects all of us in ways, perhaps, we've never thought of: the air we breathe, the water we drink, the fish we eat, the quality of our oceans, the languages we speak in the future, the jobs we
1999	adjudicated	1	The brain is an amazing and complex organ. And while many people are fascinated by the brain, they can't really tell you that much about the properties about how the brain works because we don't teach neuroscience in schools.And one of the reasons why is that the equipment is so complex and so expensive that it's really only done at major universities and large institutions. And so in order to be able to access the brain, you really need to dedicate your life and spend six and a half years as a graduate student just to become a neuroscientist to
723	adjudicated	1	We're going to go on a dive to the deep sea, and anyone that's had that lovely opportunity knows that for about two and half hours on the way down, it's a perfectly positively pitch-black world. And we used to see the most mysterious animals out the window that you couldn't describe: these blinking lights — a world of bioluminescence, like fireflies. Dr. Edith Widder — she's now at the Ocean Research and Conservation Association — was able to come up with a camera that could capture some of these incredible animals, and that's what you're seeing here on the
1921	adjudicated	1	So historically there has been a huge divide between what people consider to be non-living systems on one side, and living systems on the other side. So we go from, say, this beautiful and complex crystal as non-life, and this rather beautiful and complex cat on the other side. Over the last hundred and fifty years or so, science has kind of blurred this distinction between non-living and living systems, and now we consider that there may be a kind of continuum that exists between the two. We'll just take one example here: a virus is a natural system, right?
2432	adjudicated	1	"Nine years ago, I worked for the U.S. government in Iraq, helping rebuild the electricity infrastructure. And I was there, and I worked in that job because I believe that technology can improve people's lives. One afternoon, I had tea with a storekeeper at the Al Rasheed Hotel in Baghdad, and he said to me, ""You Americans, you can put a man on the moon, but when I get home tonight, I won't be able to turn on my lights."" At the time, the U.S. government had spent more than two billion dollars on electricity reconstruction. How do you ensure"
1165	adjudicated	1	Let me talk about India through the evolution of ideas. Now I believe this is an interesting way of looking at it because in every society, especially an open democratic society, it's only when ideas take root that things change. Slowly ideas lead to ideology, lead to policies that lead to actions.In 1930 this country went through a Great Depression, which led to all the ideas of the state and social security, and all the other things that happened in Roosevelt's time. In the 1980s we had the Reagan revolution, which lead to deregulation. And today, after the global economic
1575	adjudicated	1	So there are a few things that bring us humans together in the way that an election does. We stand in elections; we vote in elections; we observe elections. Our democracies rely on elections. We all understand why we have elections, and we all leave the house on the same day to go and vote. We cherish the opportunity to have our say, to help decide the future of the country. The fundamental idea is that politicians are given mandate to speak for us, to make decisions on our behalf that affect us all. Without that mandate, they would be
1430	adjudicated	1	(Music)♫ My age is three hundred ♫♫ and seventy-two ♫♫ I think with the deepest regret ♫♫ How I used to pick upand voraciously chew ♫♫ the dear little boysthat I met ♫♫ I've eaten them rawin their holiday suits, ♫♫ Eaten themcurried with rice, ♫♫ I've eaten them bakedin their jackets and boots, ♫♫ And found them exceedingly nice. ♫♫ But now that my jawsare too weak for such fare, ♫♫ I think it's increasingly rude ♫♫ To do such a thingwhen I'm quite well aware ♫♫ Little boys do not likebeing chewed. ♫♫ Little boys do not likebeing
1178	adjudicated	1	I have had the distinct pleasure of living inside two biospheres. Of course we all here in this room live in Biosphere 1. I've also lived in Biosphere 2. And the wonderful thing about that is that I get to compare biospheres. And hopefully from that I get to learn something.So what did I learn? Well, here I am inside Biosphere 2, making a pizza. So I am harvesting the wheat, in order to make the dough. And then of course I have to milk the goats and feed the goats in order to make the cheese. It took me
768	adjudicated	3	Thank you so much everyone from TED, and Chris and Amy in particular. I cannot believe I'm here. I have not slept in weeks. Neil and I were sitting there comparing how little we've slept in anticipation for this. I've never been so nervous — and I do this when I'm nervous, I just realized. (Laughter) So, I'm going to talk about sort of what we did at this organization called 826 Valencia, and then I'm going to talk about how we all might join in and do similar things.Back in about 2000, I was living in Brooklyn, I was
963	adjudicated	3	I grew up in Northern Ireland, right up in the very, very north end of it there, where it's absolutely freezing cold. This was me running around in the back garden mid-summer.(Laughter)I couldn't pick a career. In Ireland the obvious choice is the military, but to be honest it actually kind of sucks.(Laughter)My mother wanted me to be a dentist. But the problem was that people kept blowing everything up. So I actually went to school in Belfast, which was where all the action happened. And this was a pretty common sight. The school I went to was pretty boring.
1798	adjudicated	1	It's the Second World War. A German prison camp. And this man, Archie Cochrane, is a prisoner of war and a doctor, and he has a problem. The problem is that the men under his care are suffering from an excruciating and debilitating condition that Archie doesn't really understand. The symptoms are this horrible swelling up of fluids under the skin. But he doesn't know whether it's an infection, whether it's to do with malnutrition. He doesn't know how to cure it. And he's operating in a hostile environment. And people do terrible things in wars. The German camp guards,
2849	adjudicated	1	Hello. My name is Matthew Williams, and I am a champion. I have won medals in three different sports and national games in Canada, competed at the international level in basketball and was proud to represent Canada on the world stage.(Applause)I train five days a week for basketball and speed skating, work with top quality coaches and mental performance consultants to be at my best in my sport. By the way, all that is through Special Olympics. Does that change the way you think of me and my accomplishments?The world does not see all people like me as champions. Not
1305	adjudicated	1	The future, as we know, is very unpredictable. The best minds in the best institutions are usually wrong. It is in technology. It is in the field of politics, where experts, the CIA, MI6 are always wrong. And it is clearly in the field of finance. With institutions established to think about the future, the IMF, the BIS, the Financial Stability Forum, could not see what was happening. More than 20,000 economists whose work is, the competitive entry to do so, could not see what was happening.
2407	adjudicated	1	Three years ago, I was about a hundred meters from Chernobyl's number four nuclear reactor. My Geiger counter-dosmeter, which measures radiation, was increasingly frantic and frantic. My God. I was there to cover the 25th anniversary of the world's worst nuclear accident, as you can see from the look on my face, reluctantly, but with a good reason, because the nuclear fire that burned for 11 days in 1986 released 400 times more radiation than the bomb dropped on Hiroshima, and the sarcophagus, which is the cover on
1802	adjudicated	1	I like the Internet. It's true. Think about everything that it has brought us. Think about all the services we use, all the connectivity, all the entertainment, the whole business, all the business. And it happens over the course of our lives. I'm pretty sure that one day we're going to write history books in hundreds of years. This time, our generation will be remembered as the generation that has been online, the generation that has built something really and truly global. But yes, it's also true that the Internet has problems, very serious problems, security problems and problems with privacy.
530	adjudicated	2	"It's about a place in London called Kiteflyer's Hill where I was going to spend hours saying, ""When is he coming back? When is he coming back?"" So this is another place dedicated to this guy... that I'm done with. But it's ""Kiteflyer's Hill."" It's a beautiful song written by a guy called Martin Evan, actually, for me.Boo Hewerdine, Thomas Dolby, thank you so much for inviting me. It was a blessing to sing for you. Thank you very much."
1692	adjudicated	2	When I was 18, I lost my best friend to a car accident. I decided to dedicate my life to saving a million people every year. Now, I haven't succeeded, so it's just a progress report, but I'm here to tell you a bit about self-driving cars. I saw the concept first in the DARPA Grand Challenges where the U.S. government issued a price to build a self-driving car that could sail in a desert.And even if a hundred teams were there, these cars weren't going anywhere.
2712	adjudicated	2	G'day, my name is Kevin. I'm from Australia. I'm here to help. (Laughter) Tonight, I want to talk about a history of two cities. One of these cities is called Washington, and the other is called Beijing. Because how these two capitals shape their future and the future of the United States and China's future doesn't only affect these two countries, it affects us all in one way, maybe, we never thought about: the air we breathe, the water we drink, the fish we eat, the quality of our oceans, the languages we speak in the future, the jobs we use.
2645	adjudicated	1	I would like to start with the story of Mary, a woman from an African village. Her first memories are of her family fleeing violent riots orchestrated by the ruling political party. Her brother was murdered by the state-sponsored militia, and she was raped more than once because she belonged to the wrong party.One morning, one month before the election, Mary's village was called to another bullying meeting.
1676	adjudicated	2	Imagine if you could record your life — everything you've said, everything you've done, available in a perfect memory store at your fingertips, so that you can go back and find memorable moments and relive them, or sieve through traces of time and discover patterns in your own life that had previously gone to the open. Well, it's exactly the trip my family started five and a half years ago. Here's my wife and collaborator, Rupal. And this day, at this moment, we entered the house with our first child, our beautiful boy.
594	adjudicated	3	Allison Hunt: My three minutes haven't started yet, have they?Chris Anderson: No, you can't start the three minutes.Reset the three minutes, it's not fair.AH: Oh my God, it's hard here.I mean I'm pretty nervous as it is.But I'm not as nervous as I was five weeks ago.Five weeks ago, I underwent total hip replacement surgery.
1430	adjudicated	1	I think with the deepest regret How I used to rattle and chew the dear little boys I met, ate them raw in their holiday costumes, ate them with rice, ate them in their jackets and boots, and I found them extremely nice. But now that my jaws are too weak for such a meal, I think it's increasingly rude to do such a thing when I'm quite aware of it.
1259	adjudicated	1	How to feed a city? It is one of the great questions of our time. Yet, it is one that is rarely asked. We take for granted that if we go to a store or restaurant, or to the home of this theatre in about an hour, there will be food there waiting for us, having magically come from somewhere.But when you think that every day for a city of the size of London, enough food must be produced, transported, bought and sold, cooked, eaten, eliminated, and something similar must happen every day for every city.
1123	adjudicated	1	When most people think about the beginnings of AIDS, they will think about the 1980s. And certainly, it was the decade in which we discovered AIDS and the virus that is the cause of it, HIV. But in fact, this virus went through humans several decades before, chimpanzees, where the virus was born, to humans who hunt these monkeys. This photo was taken before the Great Depression in Brazzaville, Congo. At that time, there were thousands of people, we think, who were infected with HIV.
1898	adjudicated	1	The Tasmanian devil has shown us that, not only can cancer be a contagious disease, but it can also threaten an entire species of extinction.First, what is a Tasmanian devil?Many of you could be familiar with Taz, the cartoon character, the one who revolves around and around.But few people know that there is actually a real animal called the Tasmanian devil, and it is the largest carnivorous marsupial in the world. A marsupial is a mammal with a pocket.
2891	adjudicated	1	[On April 3, 2016, we saw the biggest data leak in history.] [Panama newspapers exposed rich and powerful people] [hidden large amounts of money in offshore accounts.] [What does that mean?] [We called Robert Palmer of Global Witness to explain.] This week, there was a series of stories from the flight of 11 million documents from a Panamanian law firm called Mossack Fonseca. The publication of these Panamanian documents lifts the veil on a small part of the secret offshore world.
818	adjudicated	2	Cultural evolution is a dangerous child for any species to free themselves on its planet. At the moment when you realize what is happening, the child is a young child, who causes devastation, and it is too late to put it back in place. We humans are the pandoran species of the Earth. We are the ones who let the second replicator out of his box, and we cannot push it back. We see the consequences all around us. Now, I suggest, it is the view that comes out of taking memetics seriously. And this gives us a new way of thinking not only what is happening on his planet.
3122	adjudicated	1	"The philosopher Plato once said: ""Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, a flight to the imagination and life to everything."" Music has always been a great part of my life. Creating and playing music connects you to the people of countries and entire lives. It connects you to the people with whom you play, to your audience and to yourself. When I am happy, when I am sad, when I am bored, when I am stressed, I listen and create music.When I was younger, I played piano; later I took guitar."
1984	adjudicated	3	When I was in high school, I had the opportunity to hear my grandmother describe to one of her fellow citizens what I did to make a living. Apparently, I was in charge of making sure no one was stealing the university's computers. (Laughter) And, you know, it's quite a reasonable thing for her to think, because I told her I was working in computer security, and it was interesting to get her point of view. But that's not the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
1024	adjudicated	1	I will talk about a very fundamental change that takes place in the very fabric of the modern economy. And to talk about it, I will come back to the beginning, because at the beginning were goods. Goods are things that you grow in the soil, raise on the ground or get out of the ground: essentially, animals, minerals, vegetables. And then you extract them from the ground, and sell them on the open market. Goods were the basis of the agrarian economy that lasted millennia.
2306	adjudicated	1	"""Even in purely non-religious terms, homosexuality represents an abuse of the sexual faculty. It is a pathetic little substitute for reality — a pitiful flight of life. Thus, it deserves no compassion, it deserves no treatment as a minority martyr, and it does not deserve to be considered a pernicious disease."" It's from Time magazine in 1966, when I was three years old. And last year, the president of the United States came out in favour of gay marriage. (Applause)And my question is, how did we get from there to? How did a disease become an identity?"
2554	adjudicated	2	Think of a difficult choice that you will encounter in the near future. It could be between two careers — artist and accountant — or places of life — the city or country — or even between two people to marry — you could marry Betty or you could marry Lolita. Or it could be a choice on the opportunity to have children, have a sick parent moving in with you, to raise your child in a religion your partner lives in but leaves you cold. Or if you give your savings of life to charity. Chances are, the difficult choice you will encounter in the near future.
2799	adjudicated	1	Imagine being stuck in your body, a body that does not respond to orders. Surrounded by people, but by itself. Wishing you could reach out, connect, comfort, participate.For 13 long years, it was my reality.Most of us never thought about talking, communicating.I thought a lot about that.I had a lot of time to think about.For the first 12 years of my life, I was a normal, happy and healthy little boy.
3022	adjudicated	1	"Many of you probably saw the movie ""The Martian."" But for those of you who didn't, it's a movie about an astronaut stranded on Mars, and his efforts to stay alive until Earth can send a rescue mission to bring him back to Earth. Fortunately, they restore communication with the character, astronaut Watney, at some point so that he isn't as alone on Mars until he can be saved."
1972	adjudicated	1	"When we park in a large parking lot, how do we remember where we parked our car? Here's the problem we're facing Homer. And we're going to try to understand what's going on in his brain. So, we're going to start with the hippocampus, shown in yellow, which is the organ of memory. If you have damage there, like in Alzheimer's, you can't remember things, including where you parked your car. It's named after Latin for ""sea horse"", what it looks like. And like the rest of the brain, it's made of neurons. So the human brain has a hundred billion neurons in it. And the neurons in it."
1544	adjudicated	2	"My story is a little about war. It's about disillusionment. It's about death. And it's about rediscovering idealism throughout this wreck. And maybe also, there's a lesson about how to manage our troubled, fragmentary and dangerous 21st century world. I don't believe in simple narratives. I don't believe in a life or history written as a ""A"" decision led to the consequence ""B"" led to the consequence ""C"" — these neat narratives that we are presented, and that maybe we encourage each other. I believe in chance, and one of the reasons why I believe it is"
1178	adjudicated	1	I had the special pleasure of living within two biospheres. Of course, we all live in this room in the Biosphere 1. I also lived in the Biosphere 2. And the wonderful thing about it is that I manage to compare the biospheres. And I hope I learn something. So, what did I learn? Well, I'm inside Biosphere 2, make a pizza. So I harvest the wheat, in order to make the dough. And then of course, I have to let the goats and feed the goats to make the cheese.
2079	adjudicated	3	Like most journalists, I am an idealist. I love discovering good stories, especially unprecedented stories.I didn't think that in 2011, women would still be in this category.I am the president of the Symposium Journalism and Women — JAWS. It's Sharky.(Laughter)I joined 10 years ago because I wanted female role models, and I was frustrated by the late status of women in our profession and what that meant for our image in the media.
1703	adjudicated	1	How many times have you learned that real and substantial changes are not possible because most people are too selfish, too stupid or too lazy to try to make a difference in their community? Today I propose this apathy as we think we know that it does not really exist; but rather that people care about it, but that we live in a world that actively discourages engagement by constantly putting obstacles and barriers on our way. I will give you some examples of what I mean. Let's start with City Hall.
2849	adjudicated	1	Hello. My name is Matthew Williams, and I am a champion. I have won medals in three different national sports and games in Canada, I have competed internationally in basketball and I have been proud to represent Canada on the world stage. (Applause)I train five days a week for basketball and speed skating, I work with quality coaches and mental performance advisors to be at my best in my sport.
2018	adjudicated	3	"Hi. (Laughter)I did it for two reasons. First of all, I wanted to give you a good first visual impression. But the main reason I did it is that that's what happens to me when I'm forced to wear a Lady Gaga skanky microphone. (Laughter)I'm used to a stationary microphone.It's the reasonable shoe of the public address. (Laughter)But you squeeze this thing on my head, and something happens. I'm just getting skanky. (Laughter) So I'm sorry about it. And I'm already off-message. (Laughter) Ladies and gentlemen, I've devoted the last 25 years of my life to the design of books. (""Yes, BOOKS. You know, the"
1006	adjudicated	2	What I would like you to do is, very quickly, just, sort of, a wink to the person on your right, and then a wink to the person on your left. (Laughter) Now, it's likely that during last winter, if you had been a hive, you or one of the two people you just greeted would be dead. Now, it's a lot of bees. And it's the second consecutive year that we lost more than 30 percent of the colonies, or we estimate that we lost 30 percent of the colonies during the winter.
963	adjudicated	3	I grew up in Northern Ireland, in the far north, where it's cold. I was the one running in the backyard mid-summer.(Laughter)I couldn't choose a career.In Ireland, the obvious choice is the army, but to be honest, it was actually a bit lame.(Laughter)My mother wanted me to be a dentist.But the problem was that people were blowing it up.
1669	adjudicated	1	Ten years ago, exactly, I was in Afghanistan. I was covering the war in Afghanistan, and I witnessed, as a journalist for Al Jazeera, the amount of suffering and destruction that emerged from a war like this. Then, two years later, I covered another war — the war in Iraq. I was placed at the centre of this war because I was covering the war in northern Iraq. And the war ended with a regime change, like that in Afghanistan. And this regime that we got rid of was actually a dictatorship, an authoritarian regime,
613	adjudicated	3	I am very, very happy to be among some of the most — the lights really disturb my eyes and they reflect on my glasses. I am very happy and honored to be among very, very innovative and intelligent people. I listened to the three previous speakers, and guess what happened? Everything I had planned to say, they said here, and it seems and seems that I have nothing else to say.(Laughter)But there is a saying in my culture that if a bud leaves a tree without saying anything, this bud is a young one.
2292	adjudicated	2	At 7:45 a.m., I open the doors of a building dedicated to construction, but I only break down. I go down the corridors cleaned after me every day by regular Janitors, but I never have the decency to honor their names. Lockers left open like the mouths of teenagers when teenagers wear clothes that cover their insecurity but exposes everything else. Masculinity mimed by men who grew up without a father, camouflage carried by bullies who are dangerously armed but need hugs. Teachers paid less than what it costs to be here.
1007	adjudicated	1	These rocks have hit our earth for about three billion years, and are responsible for much of what has happened on our planet. It's an example of a real meteorite, and you can see all the melting of the iron of speed and heat when a meteorite hits the earth, and just how much it survives and melts. From a meteorite of space, we are here with an original Sputnik. It's one of the seven surviving Sputniks that wasn't launched into space. It's not a copy. The age of space started 50 years ago.
950	adjudicated	3	Before I was a toy designer, oh, I was a mime, a street mime, actually. And then I was an artist, I guess. And before that, I was a goldsmith, and before that, I was — I was out of the house at about 15 and a half years old, and I never finished going to college. I didn't really — I didn't see the point at the time. I'm doing it now, after learning all the quantum things. Laughter) It's really cool. Anyway, I wanted to show you a
967	adjudicated	2	"In the summer of 1950, Enrico Fermi, the physicist and builder of Italian-American atomic batteries, went to lunch at the Los Alamos National Laboratory and joined a few colleagues there, and asked them a question: ""Where are everyone?"" This confused his colleagues, obviously, because they were sitting right there with him. And then he had to say that he was not talking about them. He was talking about space aliens. You see, it was only a few years after the so-called flying saucer accident in Roswell, New Mexico. And even if it turned out to be nothing, nothing at all."
1798	adjudicated	1	It's World War II. A German prison camp. And this man, Archie Cochrane, is a prisoner of war and a doctor, and he has a problem. The problem is that the men under his care suffer from an execrable and debilitating condition that Archie doesn't really understand. Symptoms are this horrific swelling of fluids under the skin. But he doesn't know if it's an infection, if it's because of malnutrition. He doesn't know how to cure it. And he operates in a hostile environment. And people do terrible things in wars.
2733	adjudicated	1	You may not know it, but there are more bacteria in your body than stars in our galaxy. This fascinating universe of bacteria inside us is an integral part of our health, and our technology is evolving so quickly that today we can program these bacteria as we program computers.Now, the diagram you see here, I know it looks like some kind of sports game, but it's actually a plan of the first bacterial program I've developed.And as a writing software, we can print and write DNA in different algorithms and programs inside bacteria.
2941	adjudicated	1	I will never forget the sound of laughter with my friends. I will never forget the sound of my mother's voice just before I fell asleep. And I will never forget the comforting sound of water that cheated on a stream. Imagine my fear, my pure fear, when, at the age of 10, I was told that I was going to lose my hearing.And over the next five years, it progressed until I was classified as deeply deaf.But I think losing hearing was one of the greatest gifts I've ever received.
1969	adjudicated	2	When I was seven and my sister was only five years old, we were playing on a bunk bed. I was two years older than my sister at the time — I mean, I'm two years older than she is now — but at the time, it meant that she had to do everything I wanted, and I wanted to play war.
1999	adjudicated	1	The brain is an amazing and complex organ. And even if many people are fascinated by the brain, they can't really tell you that a lot about the properties of how the brain works because we don't teach neurosciences in schools. And one of the reasons why is that the equipment is so complex and so expensive that it's really done only in big universities and big institutions. And so to be able to access the brain, you really need to devote your life and spend six and a half years as a graduate student just to become a neuroscientific at
3114	adjudicated	2	I am not a mystical, spiritual person. I am a scientific writer. I studied physics at university. I used to be a scientific correspondent for NPR. OK, that said: in the working class of a story for NPR, I got advice from an astronomer who challenged my point of view, and frankly, changed my life. You see, the story was an eclipse, a partial solar eclipse that was to cross the country in May of
187	adjudicated	1	I'm Rich Baraniuk and what I'd like to talk about a little bit today are some ideas that I think they have a huge resonance with all the things that have been discussed over the last two days. So many different resonance points that it's going to be difficult to raise them all, but I'm going to try to do my best. Does anyone remember that?(Laughter) OK, so these are LP discs and they've been replaced, right? They've been swept away over the last two decades by these types of globally flattering scanning technologies, right?
2030	adjudicated	1	People live longer and societies are more and more grey. You hear about it all the time. You read it in your newspapers. You hear about it on your TVs. Sometimes I'm worried that we're hearing so much about it that we've come to accept longer lives with some complacency, even ease. But don't get me wrong, longer lives can — and, I think, will improve the quality of life at all ages. Now, to put this in perspective, just let me zoom in for a minute. More years have been added to average life expectancy in the 20th century.
310	adjudicated	1	I think everyone should do it — think you have three wishes. And what would you do? It's actually a great exercise to really drill into the things you feel are important, and really reflect on the world around us. And think that, can we really do something, or find something, that can actually get some traction there and make a difference? Inspired by nature — that's the theme here. And I think, quite frankly, that's what it's all about.
579	adjudicated	2	"So, I kind of believe that we're in the ""painting-cave"" era of computer interfaces. Like, they're very kind of — they're not going as deep or emotionally engaging as possible and I'd like to change all of this. Hit me. Okay. So, that's the kind of status quo interface, right? It's very flat, pretty rigid. And okay, you could make love and like going to a much licked Mac, you know, but really that's the kind of old shit we got for the last, you know, 30 years."
3140	adjudicated	3	I was born and raised in Dakar, Senegal, and by a combination of accidents and cosmic justice, I became a chef in the United States.(Laughter)When I arrived in New York, I started working in these restaurants — different types of restaurants — from French bistro to Italian, from a global ethnic to modern American.At the time, New York was already well established as a food capital of the world.
1707	adjudicated	1	"My students often ask me: ""What is sociology?"" And I tell them that it is the study of how human beings are shaped by things they do not see. And they say: ""So how can I be a sociologist? How can I understand these invisible forces?"" And I say to them: ""Empathy. Start with empathy. It all starts with empathy."
1165	adjudicated	1	I would like to talk about India through the evolution of ideas.Now, I think it's an interesting way to look at it because in every society, especially an open democratic society, it's only when ideas take root that things change.Ideas slowly lead to ideology, lead to policies that lead to actions.In 1930, this country went through a Great Depression, which led to all the ideas of the state and social security, and all the other things that happened at the time of Roosevelt.
2850	adjudicated	1	We have evolved with tools, and tools have evolved with us. Our ancestors have created these axes of hand 1.5 million years ago, shaping them not only to adapt to the task but also to their hands.However, over the years, the tools have become more and more specialized.These sculpture tools have evolved thanks to their use, and each one has a different shape that corresponds to its function.And they take advantage of the dexterity of our hands to manipulate things with much more precision.
2317	adjudicated	2	"I made a film that was impossible to make, but I didn't know it was impossible, and that's how I could do it. ""March and April"" is a science fiction film. It's shot in Montreal about 50 years in the future. No one had ever made this kind of film in Quebec because it's expensive, it's put in the future, and it has tons of visual effects, and it's shot on a green screen. Yet, it's the kind of film I wanted to make since I was a kid, really, when I was reading comics."
3145	adjudicated	2	"So Mom was trying to explain something to me about Grandma and when they grew up, but I couldn't pay attention to her because I was five years old, and I was petrified. I had just seen La Dame Verte. Now, about a week earlier, I had watched this movie ""Godzilla"", the one on this huge beast like a lizard who took over a big city, and the thought of a green monster coming for me was stuck in my mind. And yet, at the end of Lower Manhattan with my mother, I watched it: its horns, its muscles..."
602	adjudicated	3	"I just heard the best joke about Bond Emeruwa. I had lunch with him a few minutes ago, and a Nigerian journalist is coming — and it will only make sense if you've seen a James Bond movie — and a Nigerian journalist comes to him and says, ""Aha, we're meeting again, Mr Bond!"" (Laughter) It was great.So I have a little sheet of paper here, especially because I'm Nigerian and if you leave me alone, I'm going to talk for two hours. I just want to say good afternoon, good evening."
1202	adjudicated	1	I normally teach courses on the reconstruction of states after the war. But today I have a personal story to share with you. It's a picture of my family, my four brothers and sisters — my mother and I — taken in 1977. And we are actually Cambodians. And this photo is taken in Vietnam. So how did a Cambodian family end up in Vietnam in 1977? Well to explain this, I have a short video clip to explain the Khmer Rouge regime in 1975 and 1979.Video: April 17, 1975.
1638	adjudicated	1	I'm going to talk to you about how we can use a really underused resource in health care, which is the patient, or, as I like to use the scientific term, people. Because we're all patients, we're all people. Even doctors are patients at some point. So, I want to talk about this as an opportunity that we really haven't engaged well in this country and, in fact, around the world.
1434	adjudicated	2	I wanted to be a rock star. I was dreaming of it, and that's all I was dreaming of. To be more precise, I wanted to be a pop star. It was in the late 80s. And most of all I wanted to be the fifth member of Depeche Mode or Duran Duran. They wouldn't have me. I didn't read music, but I played synthesizers and drum machines. And I grew up in this small agricultural town in northern Nevada. And I was sure that's what my life would be.
2634	adjudicated	1	If there is a power in design, it is the power of synthesis. The more complex the problem is, the more the need for simplicity is necessary. So let me share three cases where we have tried to apply the synthetic power of design. Let's start with the global challenge of urbanization. It is a fact that people are heading for cities. And even if counter-intuitive, it is good news.
2517	adjudicated	2	The type is something we consume in huge quantities. In a large part of the world, it is completely inevitable.But few consumers are concerned about where a particular typography comes from, or when or who designed it, if, indeed, there was a human agency involved in its creation, if it does not materialize simply from the ether software.But I have to take care of these things. This is my job. I am one of the small handfuls of people who are misfolded by the bad spacing of the T and E that you see there.
2432	adjudicated	1	"Nine years ago, I worked for the U.S. government in Iraq, helping rebuild the electrical infrastructure. And I was there, and I worked in this work because I believe that technology can improve people's lives. One afternoon, I had tea with a shopkeeper at the Al Rasheed Hotel in Baghdad, and he said, ""You Americans can put a man on the moon, but when I go home tonight, I won't be able to light my lights."" At the time, the U.S. government had spent more than two billion dollars on the reconstruction of electricity."
2890	adjudicated	1	Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, and it is my job, my responsibility, as an astronomer, to remind people that extraterrestrial assumptions should always be a last resort.Now, I want to tell you a story about this.This involves data from a NASA mission, ordinary people and one of the most extraordinary stars in our galaxy.It began in 2009 with the launch of NASA's Kepler mission. Kepler's main scientific objective was to find planets outside our solar system.
3125	adjudicated	1	One day, we may have robots as smart as people, artificial intelligence, AI. How could this happen? A road is that we will continue to accumulate better software, as we have been doing for 70 years. At the past pace of progress, it can take centuries. Some say that this will happen much faster than we discover new powerful theories of intelligence. I'm skeptical. But a third scenario is what I'm going to talk about today. The idea is to carry the software of the human brain. To do this, we're going to need three technologies to be good enough, and none of them are good enough.
2779	adjudicated	1	"Over the last 10 years, I have studied how people organize and visualize information.And I have noticed an interesting change.For a long time, we have believed in a natural order of ranking in the world around us, also known as the great chain of being, or ""Scala naturae"" in Latin, a descending structure that normally starts with God at the top, followed by angels, nobles, common people, animals, etc. This idea was in fact based on Aristotle's ontology, which classified all the things known to man in a set of opposite categories, like those you see behind"
2280	adjudicated	1	We always hear that texting is a scourge. The idea is that texting spells the decline and fall of any kind of serious literacy, or at least the ability to write, among young people in the United States and now the whole world today. The fact is that it's simply not true, and it's easy to think that it's true, but to see it in another way, to see that texting is a miraculous thing, not only energetic, but a miraculous thing, a sort of emerging complexity that we're seeing happening right now,
1575	adjudicated	1	We all understand why we have elections, and we all leave the House on the same day to go to vote. We cherish the opportunity to have our say, to help decide the future of the country. The fundamental idea is that politicians have the mandate to speak for us, to make decisions on our behalf that affect us all.
1741	adjudicated	1	Think about your day for a second. You woke up, you felt fresh air on your face when you walked out of the door, you met new colleagues and had great discussions, and you felt in admiration when you found something new. But I bet there's something you haven't thought about today — something so close to home that you probably don't think about it very often. And it's that all the sensations, feelings, decisions and actions are mediated by the computer in your head called the brain. Now, the brain may not look much like the outside — a few books
2419	adjudicated	1	So yesterday I was in the street in front of this building, and I was walking on the sidewalk, and I had company, many of us, and we were all in accordance with the rules to walk on the sidewalks. We were not talking. We were looking forward. We were moving. When the person in front of me slowed down. So I looked at him, and he slowed down, and finally he stopped. Well, it wasn't fast enough for me, so I put my bend signal, and I walked around him, and while I was walking, I was looking to see what he was.
2807	adjudicated	1	A few years ago, with my colleague Emmanuelle Charpentier, I invented a new technology for genome editing.It's called CRISPR-Cas9.CRISPR technology allows scientists to make changes to DNA in cells that could help us cure genetic diseases.You might be interested to know that CRISPR technology was born out of a fundamental research project that aimed to discover how bacteria fight viral infections.
3051	adjudicated	3	Have you ever heard of the free breastfeeding?(Laughter) Yes, it's quite funny, because it's only free if we don't appreciate the time and energy of women.Any mother can tell you how much time and energy it takes to click her body — literally dissolve — (Laughter) as she feeds this precious little cannibal.(Laughter)Milk is why mammals suck.
1525	adjudicated	1	"For a while, I have to project something on the screen of your imagination. We are in Japan from the 17th century on the west coast, and a small zealous monk hurryes, around midnight, at the ridge of a small hill. He arrives on the small hill, drop of water. He stands there, and he looks across the island, Sado. And he scans through the ocean, and he looks at the sky. Then he says, very quietly, ""[Turbulent the sea,] [Stretching through Sado] [The Milky Way]."" Basho was a brilliant man. He said more"
2386	adjudicated	1	On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin came out of Apollo 11's lunar module and went down to the Sea of Tranquility. Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence on the grey surface of the moon was the result of a convulsive and collective effort.The Apollo program was the largest peacetime mobilization in US history. To reach the moon, NASA spent about $180 billion in money today, or 4% of the federal budget.
0	adjudicated	3	Hello. How are you?(Laughter)It's great, isn't it? I've been amazed by everything. Actually, I'm leaving.(Laughter)There have been three themes that are relevant to what I want to talk about. One is the extraordinary proof of human creativity in all the presentations we've had and in all the people here. Just the variety and scope of it. The second is that it puts us in a place where we have no idea what will happen, in terms of the future. No idea how this will happen.
3119	adjudicated	2	Hi everyone. So, I'm going to bring us back to 2007. I had just spent about six months working on an album in which I had poured my heart and soul, and there were about three songs a day on Myspace at the time, and I was getting more and more depressed when I started to notice those other people playing guitar and singing and putting videos on this new site called YouTube, and they got 300,000 views.
2345	adjudicated	3	Where do you come from? It's such a simple question, but these days, of course, simple questions bring ever more complicated answers. People always ask me where I come from, and they expect me to say India, and they're absolutely right to the extent that 100% of my blood and descent comes from India. Except that I've never lived a day of my life there. I can't even speak a word of its more than 22,000 dialects.
2613	adjudicated	1	I have the feeling that we can all agree that we are moving towards a new model of state and society, but we have absolutely no idea what it is or what it should be. It seems that we need to have a conversation about democracy in our time. Let's think about it this way: We are citizens of the 21st century, doing our best to interact with institutions designed for the 19th century that are based on 15th century information technology.
2266	adjudicated	3	"In two weeks' time, it's the ninth anniversary of the day when I started to get started on this sacred ""Jeopardy"" set. I mean, nine years is a long time. And given the demographic average of ""Jeopardy"", I think what means that most of the people who saw me on this show are now dead. (Laughter) But not all of them, some are still alive. Occasionally, I'm still recognized at the mall or whatever. And when I do it, it's like a little bit of knowing everything. I think this ship has sailed, it's too late for me. For better or for worse, that's what I do."
2289	adjudicated	1	In this speech today, I want to present a different idea for the reason why investing in early childhood education has a meaning like a public investment. It's a different idea, because generally, when people talk about early childhood programs, they talk about all the wonderful benefits for participants in terms of former participants, in kindergarten, they have better K-12 test scores, better earnings for adults. Now it's very important, but what I want to talk about is what kindergarten does for state economies and to promote the economic development of the state.
1670	adjudicated	1	It's Revolution 2.0. No one was a hero. No one was a hero. Because everyone was a hero. Everyone did something. We all use Wikipedia. If you think about the concept of Wikipedia where everyone collaborates on content, and at the end of the day you built the world's largest encyclopedia. From an idea that seemed crazy, you have the largest encyclopedia in the world. And in the Egyptian revolution, Revolution 2.0, everyone contributed something, small or large. They contributed something — to bring us one of the most inspiring stories in the world.
3141	adjudicated	3	When someone talks about Cuba, what are you thinking about? Classic cars? Maybe good cigars? Maybe you're thinking about a famous baseball player. And when someone talks about North Korea? You're thinking about these missile tests, maybe their notorious leader or his good friend, Dennis Rodman. (Laughter) One thing that probably doesn't come to mind is a vision of a country, an open economy, whose citizens have access to a wide range of affordable consumer products. I'm not here to discuss how these countries have arrived where they are today. I just want to use them as an example of countries and citizens.
723	adjudicated	1	We will dive into the deep sea, and all those who have had this beautiful opportunity know that for about two and a half hours on the way down, it is a completely positive and black world. And we used to see the most mysterious animals through the window that you could not describe: these flashing lights — a world of bioluminescence, like fireflies. Dr Edith Widder — she is now at the Ocean Research and Conservation Association — was able to find a camera that could capture some of these incredible animals, and that's what you see here on the
271	adjudicated	1	Today, I want to talk to you about the future, but first I'm going to tell you a little bit about the past. My story begins long before I was born. My grandmother was on a train to Auschwitz, the death camp. And she went along the tracks, and the tracks split up. And somehow — we don't really know the whole story — but the train took the wrong track and went to a work camp rather than death.
2381	adjudicated	2	As you all know, the cars that people were driving in 1900 have changed because the roads are better and because of technology. And our minds have changed as well. We have left people who have faced a concrete world and analyzed this world mainly in terms of what it would be advantageous for people who are facing a very complex world, and it is a world where we have had to develop new mental habits, new habits of mind.
2185	adjudicated	1	In Europe and Central Asia, about one million children live in large residential institutions, usually called orphanages. Most people imagine orphanages as a benign environment that cares for children. Others know more about living conditions there, but still think they are a necessary evil. After all, where could we put all these children who have no parents?But 60 years of research have shown that separating children from their families and placing them in large institutions seriously harms their health and development, and this is particularly true for young babies.
393	adjudicated	3	"So anyway, who am I? I usually say to people, when they say, ""What are you doing?"" I say, ""I do hardware,"" because it kind of encompasses everything I do. And I recently said that to a casual venture capital at a Valley event, to which he replied, ""What are you doing?"" (Laughter) And I was really stupid. And I really should have said something smart. And now I had a little time to think about it, I would have said, ""Well, you know, if we're looking at the next 100 years and we've seen all these problems in"
768	adjudicated	3	I can't believe I'm here. I haven't slept in weeks. Neil and I were sitting there comparing the little we slept for that. I've never been so nervous — and I do it when I'm nervous, I just realized. (Laughter) So I'm going to talk about what we did in this organization called 826 Valencia, and then I'm going to talk about how we could all join and do similar things.
1682	adjudicated	1	I want to ask you to consider for a second the very simple fact that, by far, most of what we know of the universe comes from the light. We can stand on the Earth and look at the night sky and see stars with our naked eyes. The Sun burns our peripheral vision. We see the reflected light on the Moon. And at the time when Galileo emphasized that rudimentary telescope on celestial bodies, the known universe came to us through the light, through vast epochs in cosmic history. And with all our modern telescopes,
1715	adjudicated	2	How would you like to be better than you are? Suppose I told you that, with some changes in your genes, you could get a better memory — more accurate, more accurate and faster. Or maybe you would like to be more fit, stronger, with more endurance. Do you want to be more attractive and more confident? How about living longer with good health? Or maybe you are one of those who always aspire to more creativity.
2742	adjudicated	1	I learned some of my most important life lessons from drug traffickers, gang members and prostitutes, and I had some of my deepest theological conversations, not in the halls sanctified in a seminary, but in a street corner on Friday night at 1:00 a.m. It's a bit unusual, since I'm a Baptist minister, trained in the seminary and pasteurized a church for more than 20 years, but it's true. It came as part of my participation in a strategy to reduce public security crime that saw a 79 percent reduction in violent crime over an eight-year period in a large city.
1347	adjudicated	1	As a magician, I try to create images that make people stop and think. I also try to challenge myself to do things that doctors say are impossible. I was buried alive in New York in a coffin, buried in a coffin in April 1999, for a week. I lived there with nothing but water.
2514	adjudicated	2	"When I was born, there was really only one book about how to raise your children, and it was written by Dr Spock. (Laughter) Thank you for insulting me. I always wanted to do it. No, it was Benjamin Spock, and his book was called ""The Book of the Common Sense of Baby and Child Care."" He sold nearly 50 million copies at the time he died. Today, like the mother of a six-year-old child, I walk in Barnes and Noble, and see this. And it's amazing the variety that we find on these shelves. There are guides to raise an eco-friendly friend."
646	adjudicated	1	In the next 18 minutes, I'm going to take you on a journey. And it's a journey that you and I have been on the way for many years now, and it started about 50 years ago, when humans took off from our planet. And in those 50 years, not only have we literally, physically set foot on the moon, but we've sent robotics to all the planets — the eight of them — and we landed on asteroids, we've met with comets, and at that time we have a spaceship on Pluto's way,
1921	adjudicated	1	So, historically, there has been a huge division between what people consider to be non-living systems on one side, and the living systems on the other side. So, let's say, we're going to, let's say, this beautiful and complex crystal as non-life, and this rather beautiful and complex cat on the other side. Over the past hundred and fifty years, science has somewhat blurred this distinction between non-living and living systems, and now we consider that there can be some sort of continuum that exists between the two. We're just going to take an example here: a virus is a natural system, right?
2046	adjudicated	1	It's a cognitive illusion that we've been studying in my lab for a few years, and 80 percent of us have it. It's our tendency to overestimate our probability of experiencing good events in our lives and underestimate our probability of going through bad events. So, we underestimate our probability of suffering from cancer, of being in a car accident. We overestimate our longevity, our career prospects. In short, we're more optimistic than realistic, but we're ignorant of the fact. Take marriage for example.
1946	adjudicated	1	In fact, I'm going to share something with you, I haven't probably talked about it for more than 10 years. So bear with me while I'm taking you through this trip. When I was 22, I came home from work, I put a leash on my dog and I went for my usual race. I had no idea that at that time my life would change forever. While I was preparing my dog for the race, a man finished drinking in a bar, picked up his car keys, went up in a car and headed south, or where he was.
2163	adjudicated	3	So, I want to start by offering you a free hack of life without technology, and all it requires of you is this: that you change your posture for two minutes. But before giving it, I want to ask you to do immediately a little audit of your body and what you do with your body. So how many of you are somehow making yourself smaller? Maybe you hug, cross your legs, maybe wrap your ankles. Sometimes we hold on our arms like that. Sometimes we stretch out. (Laughter) I see you. So I want you to pay for it.
807	adjudicated	3	I write about the food. I write about the kitchen. I take it very seriously, but I'm here to talk about something that has become very important to me in the last year or two. It's about the food, but it's not about cooking, in itself. I'm going to start with this picture of a beautiful cow. I'm not vegetarian — it's the old Nixon line, is it? But I still think this — (Laughter) — may be this year's version.
2170	adjudicated	3	Five years ago, I experienced some of what it must have been like to be Alice in Wonderland. Penn State asked me, a communication teacher, to teach a class of communication for engineering students. And I was scared. (Laughter) Really scared. Scared of these students with their great brains and great books and great unknown words.
2559	adjudicated	2	That's how they store the information. That's how computers do everything that computers do. I'm a cybersecurity researcher, which means my job is to sit down with this information and try to understand it, try to understand what all those zeros and all those zeros mean. Unfortunately, for me, we're not just talking about the zeros I have on the screen here.
424	adjudicated	1	I'm supposed to scare you, because it's about fear, isn't it? And you should be really scared, but not for the reasons you think you should be. You should really be afraid that — if we keep the first slide on this thing — we're going — you're missing it. Because if you spend this week thinking about Iraq and thinking about Bush and thinking about the stock market, you're going to miss one of the biggest adventures we've ever had. And that's what this adventure is really about.
882	adjudicated	2	Who are we? That's the big question. And essentially we're just a monkey on the right-hand walk, on the big brain, super-intelligent. It could be us. We belong to the family of Hominidae. We're the species called Homo sapiens sapiens, and it's important to remember that, as far as our place in the world today and our future on planet Earth is concerned, we're a species of about five and a half species of mammals that exist on planet Earth today. And it's only a tiny fraction of all the species that have ever lived on the planet in the past.
2514	adjudicated	2	"When I was born, there was really only one book about how to raise your children, and it was written by Dr. Spock. (Laughter) Thank you for indulging me. I have always wanted to do that.No, it was Benjamin Spock, and his book was called ""The Common Sense Book of Baby And Child Care."" It sold almost 50 million copies by the time he died. Today, I, as the mother of a six-year-old, walk into Barnes and Noble, and see this. And it is amazing the variety that one finds on those shelves. There are guides to raising an eco-friendly"
2634	adjudicated	1	"If there's any power in design, that's the power of synthesis. The more complex the problem, the more the need for simplicity. So allow me to share three cases where we tried to apply design's power of synthesis.Let's start with the global challenge of urbanization. It's a fact that people are moving towards cities. and even if counterintuitive, it's good news. Evidence shows that people are better off in cities. But there's a problem that I would call the ""3S"" menace: The scale, speed, and scarcity of means with which we will have to respond to this phenomenon has no"
2743	adjudicated	2	I'm here to tell you about the real search for alien life. Not little green humanoids arriving in shiny UFOs, although that would be nice. But it's the search for planets orbiting stars far away.Every star in our sky is a sun. And if our sun has planets — Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, etc., surely those other stars should have planets also, and they do. And in the last two decades, astronomers have found thousands of exoplanets.Our night sky is literally teeming with exoplanets. We know, statistically speaking, that every star has at least one planet. And in the search
1121	adjudicated	1	Some 17 years ago, I became allergic to Delhi's air. My doctors told me that my lung capacity had gone down to 70 percent, and it was killing me. With the help of IIT, TERI, and learnings from NASA, we discovered that there are three basic green plants, common green plants, with which we can grow all the fresh air we need indoors to keep us healthy. We've also found that you can reduce the fresh air requirements into the building, while maintaining industry indoor air-quality standards.The three plants are Areca palm, Mother-in-Law's Tongue and money plant. The botanical names
2260	adjudicated	1	So let me ask for a show of hands. How many people here are over the age of 48? Well, there do seem to be a few.Well, congratulations, because if you look at this particular slide of U.S. life expectancy, you are now in excess of the average life span of somebody who was born in 1900.But look what happened in the course of that century. If you follow that curve, you'll see that it starts way down there. There's that dip there for the 1918 flu. And here we are at 2010, average life expectancy of a child born
1006	adjudicated	2	What I'd like you to do is, just really quickly, is just, sort of, nod to the person on your right, and then nod to the person on your left. (Laughter) Now, chances are that over the last winter, if you had been a beehive, either you or one of the two people you just nodded at would have died. Now, that's an awful lot of bees. And this is the second year in a row we have lost over 30 percent of the colonies, or we estimate we've lost 30 percent of the colonies over the winter.Now, that's a
1223	adjudicated	1	"Early visions of wireless power actually were thought of by Nikola Tesla basically about 100 years ago. The thought that you wouldn't want to transfer electric power wirelessly, no one ever thought of that. They thought, ""Who would use it if you didn't?"" And so, in fact, he actually set about doing a variety of things. Built the Tesla coil. This tower was built on Long Island back at the beginning of the 1900s. And the idea was, it was supposed to be able to transfer power anywhere on Earth. We'll never know if this stuff worked. Actually, I think"
3127	adjudicated	1	[Yoruba: Freeborn Ijebu-Ode son,] [of true Ogbogbo Clan,] [whose wealth and resources surpass all that Europe ever had,] [whose altar is filled with gold.]This chant is called the oríkì. My grandmother used to sing it to me when I was a child in Nigeria. See, an oríkì is the song of praise of the Yoruba people, and this particularly speaks of treasures that the West does not have.Mama — that's what I call my grandmother — told me many stories about Yoruba mythology. You see, the Yorubas are an ethnic group from the southwestern part of Nigeria, and I was
2968	adjudicated	1	Imagine that you're a pig farmer. You live on a small farm in the Philippines. Your animals are your family's sole source of income — as long as they're healthy. You know that any day, one of your pigs can catch the flu, the swine flu. Living in tight quarters, one pig coughing and sneezing may soon lead to the next pig coughing and sneezing, until an outbreak of swine flu has taken over your farm. If it's a bad enough virus, the health of your herd may be gone in the blink of an eye. If you called in
534	adjudicated	1	"I am a vicar in the Church of England. I've been a priest in the Church for 20 years. For most of that time, I've been struggling and grappling with questions about the nature of God. Who is God? And I'm very aware that when you say the word ""God,"" many people will turn off immediately. And most people, both within and outside the organized church, still have a picture of a celestial controller, a rule maker, a policeman in the sky who orders everything, and causes everything to happen. He will protect his own people, and answer the prayers"
2030	adjudicated	1	People are living longer and societies are getting grayer. You hear about it all the time. You read about it in your newspapers. You hear about it on your television sets. Sometimes, I'm concerned that we hear about it so much that we've come to accept longer lives with a kind of a complacency, even ease. But make no mistake, longer lives can — and, I believe, will improve quality of life at all ages.Now to put this in perspective, let me just zoom out for a minute. More years were added to average life expectancy in the 20th century
2192	adjudicated	2	I'm a brain scientist, and as a brain scientist, I'm actually interested in how the brain learns, and I'm especially interested in a possibility of making our brains smarter, better and faster.This is in this context I'm going to tell you about video games. When we say video games, most of you think about children. It's true. Ninety percent of children do play video games. But let's be frank. When the kids are in bed, who is in front of the PlayStation? Most of you. The average age of a gamer is 33 years old, not eight years old, and
1812	adjudicated	1	This is a photograph by the artist Michael Najjar, and it's real, in the sense that he went there to Argentina to take the photo. But it's also a fiction. There's a lot of work that went into it after that. And what he's done is he's actually reshaped, digitally, all of the contours of the mountains to follow the vicissitudes of the Dow Jones index. So what you see, that precipice, that high precipice with the valley, is the 2008 financial crisis. The photo was made when we were deep in the valley over there. I don't know where
593	adjudicated	3	I'm a medical illustrator, and I come from a slightly different point of view. I've been watching, since I grew up, the expressions of truth and beauty in the arts and truth and beauty in the sciences. And while these are both wonderful things in their own right — they both have very wonderful things going for them — truth and beauty as ideals that can be looked at by the sciences and by math are almost like the ideal conjoined twins that a scientist would want to date. (Laughter) These are expressions of truth as awe-full things, by meaning
1950	adjudicated	2	"Do you remember the story of Odysseus and the Sirens from high school or junior high school? There was this hero, Odysseus, who's heading back home after the Trojan War. And he's standing on the deck of his ship, he's talking to his first mate, and he's saying, ""Tomorrow, we will sail past those rocks, and on those rocks sit some beautiful women called Sirens. And these women sing an enchanting song, a song so alluring that all sailors who hear it crash into the rocks and die."" Now you would expect, given that, that they would choose an alternate"
2840	adjudicated	1	Welcome to Bayeku, a riverine community in Ikorodu, Lagos — a vivid representation of several riverine communities across Nigeria, communities whose waterways have been infested by an invasive aquatic weed; communities where economic livelihoods have been hampered: fishing, marine transportation and trading; communities where fish yields have diminished; communities where schoolchildren are unable to go to school for days, sometimes weeks, on end. Who would have thought that this plant with round leaves, inflated stems, and showy, lavender flowers would cause such havoc in these communities.The plant is known as water hyacinth and its botanical name, Eichhornia crassipes. Interestingly, in
2305	adjudicated	1	"So I was trained to become a gymnast for two years in Hunan, China in the 1970s. When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer me to a school for athletes, all expenses paid. But my tiger mother said, ""No."" My parents wanted me to become an engineer like them. After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed there's only one sure way to happiness: a safe and well-paid job. It is not important if I like the job or not.But my dream was to become a Chinese opera singer. That is me playing my imaginary"
2778	adjudicated	3	Today, I want to talk to you about dreams.I have been a lucid dreamer my whole life, and it's cooler than in the movies. (Laughter) Beyond flying, breathing fire, and making hot men spontaneously appear ... (Laughter) I can do things like read and write music. Fun fact is that I wrote my personal statement to college in a dream. And I did accepted. So, yeah.I am a very visual thinker. I think in pictures, not words. To me, words are more like instincts and language.There are many people like me; Nikola Tesla, for example, who could visualize, design, test,
1694	adjudicated	2	Ten years ago, on a Tuesday morning, I conducted a parachute jump at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. It was a routine training jump, like many more I'd done since I became a paratrooper 27 years before. We went down to the airfield early because this is the Army and you always go early. You do some routine refresher training, and then you go to put on your parachute and a buddy helps you. And you put on the T-10 parachute. And you're very careful how you put the straps, particularly the leg straps because they go between your legs. And
646	adjudicated	1	In the next 18 minutes, I'm going to take you on a journey. And it's a journey that you and I have been on for many years now, and it began some 50 years ago, when humans first stepped off our planet. And in those 50 years, not only did we literally, physically set foot on the moon, but we have dispatched robotic spacecraft to all the planets — all eight of them — and we have landed on asteroids, we have rendezvoused with comets, and, at this point in time, we have a spacecraft on its way to Pluto,
2918	adjudicated	1	What do you see? Most of you see a barbershop, but I see an opportunity: an opportunity for health, an opportunity for health equity.For black men, the barbershop is not just a place where you get your hair cut or your beard trimmed. No, it's much more than that. Historically, the barbershop has been a safe haven for black men. It's a place where we go for friendship, solidarity and solace. It's a place where we go to get away from the stress of the grind of work and sometimes home life. It's a place where we don't have to
950	adjudicated	3	I'm a, or was, or kind of am a toy designer. And before I was a toy designer, oh, I was a mime, a street mime, actually. And then I was an entertainer, I guess. And before that, I was a silversmith, and before that, I was — I was out of the house at about 15 and a half, and I never wound up going into college. I didn't really — I didn't see the point at the time. I do now, after learning about all the quantum stuff. Laughter) It's really cool.Anyway, I wanted to show you a
2612	adjudicated	3	This is my niece, Stella. She's just turned one and started to walk. And she's walking in that really cool way that one-year-olds do, a kind of teetering, my-body's-moving- too-fast-for-my-legs kind of way. It is absolutely gorgeous. And one of her favorite things to do at the moment is to stare at herself in the mirror. She absolutely loves her reflection. She giggles and squeals, and gives herself these big, wet kisses. It is beautiful. Apparently, all of her friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do this, and it got me thinking: When did
1798	adjudicated	1	It's the Second World War. A German prison camp. And this man, Archie Cochrane, is a prisoner of war and a doctor, and he has a problem. The problem is that the men under his care are suffering from an excruciating and debilitating condition that Archie doesn't really understand. The symptoms are this horrible swelling up of fluids under the skin. But he doesn't know whether it's an infection, whether it's to do with malnutrition. He doesn't know how to cure it. And he's operating in a hostile environment. And people do terrible things in wars. The German camp guards,
399	adjudicated	3	As someone who has spent his entire career trying to be invisiblestanding in front of an audience is a cross between an out-of-body experience and a deer caught in the headlights, so please forgive me for violating one of the TED commandments by relying on words on paper, and I only hope I'm not struck by lightning bolts before I'm done. I'd like to begin by talking about some of the ideas that motivated me to become a documentary photographer.I was a student in the '60s, a time of social upheaval and questioning, and on a personal level, an awakening
2787	adjudicated	2	Well, we all need a reason to wake up. For me, it just took 11,000 volts.I know you're too polite to ask, so I will tell you.One night, sophomore year of college, just back from Thanksgiving holiday, a few of my friends and I were horsing around, and we decided to climb atop a parked commuter train. It was just sitting there, with the wires that run overhead. Somehow, that seemed like a great idea at the time. We'd certainly done stupider things. I scurried up the ladder on the back, and when I stood up, the electrical current entered
587	adjudicated	1	So I really consider myself a storyteller. But I don't really tell stories in the usual way, in the sense that I don't usually tell my own stories. Instead, I'm really interested in building tools that allow large numbers of other people to tell their stories, people all around the world. I do this because I think that people actually have a lot in common. I think people are very similar, but I also think that we have trouble seeing that.You know, as I look around the world I see a lot of gaps, and I think we all see
3102	adjudicated	2	"In ancient Greece, when anyone from slaves to soldiers, poets and politicians, needed to make a big decision on life's most important questions, like, ""Should I get married?"" or ""Should we embark on this voyage?"" or ""Should our army advance into this territory?"" they all consulted the oracle.So this is how it worked: you would bring her a question and you would get on your knees, and then she would go into this trance. It would take a couple of days, and then eventually she would come out of it, giving you her predictions as your answer.From the oracle bones"
2590	adjudicated	1	In Kenya, 1984 is known as the year of the cup, or the goro goro. The goro goro is a cup used to measure two kilograms of maize flower on the market, and the maize flower is used to make ugali, a polenta-like cake that is eaten together with vegetables. Both the maize and the vegetables are grown on most Kenyan farms, which means that most families can feed themselves from their own farm. One goro goro can feed three meals for an average family, and in 1984, the whole harvest could fit in one goro goro. It was and
3136	adjudicated	1	Whether you like it or not, radical transparency and algorithmic decision-making is coming at you fast, and it's going to change your life. That's because it's now easy to take algorithms and embed them into computers and gather all that data that you're leaving on yourself all over the place, and know what you're like, and then direct the computers to interact with you in ways that are better than most people can.Well, that might sound scary. I've been doing this for a long time and I have found it to be wonderful. My objective has been to have meaningful
1973	adjudicated	1	What I want to talk to you about today is some of the problems that the military of the Western world — Australia, United States, the UK and so on — face in some of the deployments that they're dealing with in the modern world at this time. If you think about the sorts of things we've sent Australian military personnel to in recent years, we've got obvious things like Iraq and Afghanistan, but you've also got things like East Timor and the Solomon Islands, and so on.And a lot of these deployments that we're sending military personnel to these
2292	adjudicated	2	At 7:45 a.m., I open the doors to a building dedicated to building, yet only breaks me down. I march down hallways cleaned up after me every day by regular janitors, but I never have the decency to honor their names. Lockers left open like teenage boys' mouths when teenage girls wear clothes that covers their insecurities but exposes everything else. Masculinity mimicked by men who grew up with no fathers, camouflage worn by bullies who are dangerously armed but need hugs. Teachers paid less than what it costs them to be here. Oceans of adolescents come here to receive
3135	adjudicated	1	Do you remember these glow-in-the-dark little stars which you had on the ceiling when you were a boy or a girl? Yes? It is light. It is pure light. I think I stared at them way too long when I was a five-year-old, you know? It's so beautiful: no energy bill, no maintenance. It is there.So two years ago, we went back to the lab, making it more durable, more light-emitting, with the experts. And at the same time, we got a request from this guy — Van Gogh, the famous Van Gogh Foundation — who wanted to celebrate his
1165	adjudicated	1	Let me talk about India through the evolution of ideas. Now I believe this is an interesting way of looking at it because in every society, especially an open democratic society, it's only when ideas take root that things change. Slowly ideas lead to ideology, lead to policies that lead to actions.In 1930 this country went through a Great Depression, which led to all the ideas of the state and social security, and all the other things that happened in Roosevelt's time. In the 1980s we had the Reagan revolution, which lead to deregulation. And today, after the global economic
528	adjudicated	2	When you think about resilience and technology it's actually much easier. You're going to see some other speakers today, I already know, who are going to talk about breaking-bones stuff, and, of course, with technology it never is. So it's very easy, comparatively speaking, to be resilient. I think that, if we look at what happened on the Internet, with such an incredible last half a dozen years, that it's hard to even get the right analogy for it. A lot of how we decide, how we're supposed to react to things and what we're supposed to expect about the
1130	adjudicated	1	Bacteria are the oldest living organisms on the earth. They've been here for billions of years, and what they are are single-celled microscopic organisms. So they are one cell and they have this special property that they only have one piece of DNA. They have very few genes, and genetic information to encode all of the traits that they carry out. And the way bacteria make a living is that they consume nutrients from the environment, they grow to twice their size, they cut themselves down in the middle, and one cell becomes two, and so on and so on.
1703	adjudicated	1	How often do we hear that people just don't care? How many times have you been told that real, substantial change isn't possible because most people are too selfish, too stupid or too lazy to try to make a difference in their community? I propose to you today that apathy as we think we know it doesn't actually exist; but rather, that people do care, but that we live in a world that actively discourages engagement by constantly putting obstacles and barriers in our way.I'll give you some examples of what I mean. Let's start with city hall. You ever
579	adjudicated	2	"So, I kind of believe that we're in like the ""cave-painting"" era of computer interfaces. Like, they're very kind of — they don't go as deep or as emotionally engaging as they possibly could be and I'd like to change all that. Hit me. OK. So I mean, this is the kind of status quo interface, right? It's very flat, kind of rigid. And OK, so you could sex it up and like go to a much more lickable Mac, you know, but really it's the kind of same old crap we've had for the last, you know, 30 years."
1415	adjudicated	1	One day, Los Angeles Times columnist Steve Lopez was walking along the streets of downtown Los Angeles when he heard beautiful music. And the source was a man, an African-American man, charming, rugged, homeless, playing a violin that only had two strings.And I'm telling a story that many of you know, because Steve's columns became the basis for a book, which was turned into a movie, with Robert Downey Jr. acting as Steve Lopez, and Jamie Foxx as Nathaniel Anthony Ayers, the Juilliard-trained double bassist whose promising career was cut short by a tragic affliction with paranoid schizophrenia. Nathaniel dropped
2163	adjudicated	3	So I want to start by offering you a free no-tech life hack, and all it requires of you is this: that you change your posture for two minutes. But before I give it away, I want to ask you to right now do a little audit of your body and what you're doing with your body. So how many of you are sort of making yourselves smaller? Maybe you're hunching, crossing your legs, maybe wrapping your ankles. Sometimes we hold onto our arms like this. Sometimes we spread out. (Laughter) I see you. So I want you to pay
2554	adjudicated	2	Think of a hard choice you'll face in the near future. It might be between two careers — artist and accountant — or places to live — the city or the country — or even between two people to marry — you could marry Betty or you could marry Lolita. Or it might be a choice about whether to have children, to have an ailing parent move in with you, to raise your child in a religion that your partner lives by but leaves you cold. Or whether to donate your life savings to charity.Chances are, the hard choice you
1544	adjudicated	2	"My story is a little bit about war. It's about disillusionment. It's about death. And it's about rediscovering idealism in all of that wreckage. And perhaps also, there's a lesson about how to deal with our screwed-up, fragmenting and dangerous world of the 21st century. I don't believe in straightforward narratives. I don't believe in a life or history written as decision ""A"" led to consequence ""B"" led to consequence ""C"" — these neat narratives that we're presented with, and that perhaps we encourage in each other. I believe in randomness, and one of the reasons I believe that is"
2517	adjudicated	2	Type is something we consume in enormous quantities. In much of the world, it's completely inescapable. But few consumers are concerned to know where a particular typeface came from or when or who designed it, if, indeed, there was any human agency involved in its creation, if it didn't just sort of materialize out of the software ether.But I do have to be concerned with those things. It's my job. I'm one of the tiny handful of people who gets badly bent out of shape by the bad spacing of the T and the E that you see there. I've
1943	adjudicated	1	My travels to Afghanistan began many, many years ago on the eastern border of my country, my homeland, Poland. I was walking through the forests of my grandmother's tales. A land where every field hides a grave, where millions of people have been deported or killed in the 20th century.Behind the destruction, I found a soul of places. I met humble people. I heard their prayer and ate their bread. Then I have been walking East for 20 years — from Eastern Europe to Central Asia — through the Caucasus Mountains, Middle East, North Africa, Russia. And I ever met
2712	adjudicated	2	G'day, my name's Kevin. I'm from Australia. I'm here to help. (Laughter)Tonight, I want to talk about a tale of two cities. One of those cities is called Washington, and the other is called Beijing. Because how these two capitals shape their future and the future of the United States and the future of China doesn't just affect those two countries, it affects all of us in ways, perhaps, we've never thought of: the air we breathe, the water we drink, the fish we eat, the quality of our oceans, the languages we speak in the future, the jobs we
2201	adjudicated	2	"So I grew up in Limpopo, on the border of Limpopo and Mpumalanga, a little town called Motetema. Water and electricity supply are as unpredictable as the weather, and growing up in these tough situations, at the age of 17, I was relaxing with a couple of friends of mine in winter, and we were sunbathing. The Limpopo sun gets really hot in winter. So as we were sunbathing, my best friend next to me says, ""Man, why doesn't somebody invent something that you can just put on your skin and then you don't have to bathe?"" And I sat,"
1249	adjudicated	2	Good morning. I think, as a grumpy Eastern European, I was brought in to play the pessimist this morning. So bear with me. Well, I come from the former Soviet Republic of Belarus, which, as some of you may know, is not exactly an oasis of liberal democracy. So that's why I've always been fascinated with how technology could actually reshape and open up authoritarian societies like ours.So, I'm graduating college and, feeling very idealistic, I decided to join the NGO which actually was using new media to promote democracy and media reform in much of the former Soviet Union.
1637	adjudicated	1	The world is changing with really remarkable speed. If you look at the chart at the top here, you'll see that in 2025, these Goldman Sachs projections suggest that the Chinese economy will be almost the same size as the American economy. And if you look at the chart for 2050, it's projected that the Chinese economy will be twice the size of the American economy, and the Indian economy will be almost the same size as the American economy. And we should bear in mind here that these projections were drawn up before the Western financial crisis.A couple of
1976	adjudicated	3	Every year in the United States alone, 2,077,000 couples make a legal and spiritual decision to spend the rest of their lives together —(Laughter)And not to have sex with anyone else. Ever. He buys a ring, she buys a dress. They go shopping for all sorts of things. She takes him to Arthur Murray for ballroom-dancing lessons. And the big day comes. And they'll stand before God and family and some guy her dad once did business with, and they'll vow that nothing — not abject poverty, not life-threatening illness, not complete and utter misery — will ever put the
2734	adjudicated	1	In June of 1998, Tori Murden McClure left Nags Head, North Carolina for France.That's her boat, the American Pearl. It's 23 feet long and just six feet across at its widest point. The deck was the size of a cargo bed of a Ford F-150 pickup truck. Tori and her friends built it by hand, and it weighed about 1,800 pounds. Her plan was to row it alone across the Atlantic Ocean — no motor, no sail — something no woman and no American had ever done before. This would be her route: over 3,600 miles across the open North
2390	adjudicated	1	So in my free time outside of Twitter I experiment a little bit with telling stories online, experimenting with what we can do with new digital tools. And in my job at Twitter, I actually spent a little bit of time working with authors and storytellers as well, helping to expand out the bounds of what people are experimenting with. And I want to talk through some examples today of things that people have done that I think are really fascinating using flexible identity and anonymity on the web and blurring the lines between fact and fiction.But I want to
2225	adjudicated	2	"Let me tell you a story.It's my first year as a new high school science teacher, and I'm so eager. I'm so excited, I'm pouring myself into my lesson plans. But I'm slowly coming to this horrifying realization that my students just might not be learning anything.This happens one day: I'd just assigned my class to read this textbook chapter about my favorite subject in all of biology: viruses and how they attack. And so I'm so excited to discuss this with them, and I come in and I say, ""Can somebody please explain the main ideas and why this"
2849	adjudicated	1	Hello. My name is Matthew Williams, and I am a champion. I have won medals in three different sports and national games in Canada, competed at the international level in basketball and was proud to represent Canada on the world stage.(Applause)I train five days a week for basketball and speed skating, work with top quality coaches and mental performance consultants to be at my best in my sport. By the way, all that is through Special Olympics. Does that change the way you think of me and my accomplishments?The world does not see all people like me as champions. Not
1547	adjudicated	1	Let's start with day and night. Life evolved under conditions of light and darkness, light and then darkness. And so plants and animals developed their own internal clocks so that they would be ready for these changes in light. These are chemical clocks, and they're found in every known being that has two or more cells and in some that only have one cell.I'll give you an example — if you take a horseshoe crab off the beach, and you fly it all the way across the continent, and you drop it into a sloped cage, it will scramble up
723	adjudicated	1	We're going to go on a dive to the deep sea, and anyone that's had that lovely opportunity knows that for about two and half hours on the way down, it's a perfectly positively pitch-black world. And we used to see the most mysterious animals out the window that you couldn't describe: these blinking lights — a world of bioluminescence, like fireflies. Dr. Edith Widder — she's now at the Ocean Research and Conservation Association — was able to come up with a camera that could capture some of these incredible animals, and that's what you're seeing here on the
3125	adjudicated	1	Someday, we may have robots as smart as people, artificial intelligence, AI. How could that happen? One route is that we'll just keep accumulating better software, like we've been doing for 70 years. At past rates of progress, that may take centuries. Some say it'll happen a lot faster as we discover grand new powerful theories of intelligence. I'm skeptical.But a third scenario is what I'm going to talk about today. The idea is to port the software from the human brain. To do this, we're going to need three technologies to be good enough, and none of them are
1123	adjudicated	1	When most people think about the beginnings of AIDS, they're gonna think back to the 1980s. And certainly, this was the decade in which we discovered AIDS and the virus that causes it, HIV. But in fact this virus crossed over into humans many decades before, from chimpanzees, where the virus originated, into humans who hunt these apes.This photo was taken before the Great Depression in Brazzaville, Congo. At this time, there were thousands of individuals, we think, that were infected with HIV.So I have a couple of really important questions for you. If this virus was in thousands of
2204	adjudicated	2	I've been a journalist now since I was about 17, and it's an interesting industry to be in at the moment, because as you all know, there's a huge amount of upheaval going on in media, and most of you probably know this from the business angle, which is that the business model is pretty screwed, and as my grandfather would say, the profits have all been gobbled up by Google.So it's a really interesting time to be a journalist, but the upheaval that I'm interested in is not on the output side. It's on the input side. It's concern
2609	adjudicated	1	I want to tell you how 20,000 remarkable young people from over 100 countries ended up in Cuba and are transforming health in their communities. Ninety percent of them would never have left home at all if it weren't for a scholarship to study medicine in Cuba and a commitment to go back to places like the ones they'd come from — remote farmlands, mountains, ghettos — to become doctors for people like themselves, to walk the walk.Havana's Latin American Medical School: It's the largest medical school in the world, graduating 23,000 young doctors since its first class of 2005,
3145	adjudicated	2	"So, Ma was trying to explain something to me about Grandma and when they grew up, but I couldn't pay attention to her because I was five years old, and I was petrified. I had just seen The Green Lady. Now, about a week earlier, I'd watched that movie ""Godzilla,"" the one about that huge lizard-like beast storming a major city, and the thought of a green monster coming for me was stuck in my mind. And yet there I was, at the tip of Lower Manhattan with my mom, just staring at her: her horns, her muscles — all"
1946	adjudicated	1	I'm actually going to share something with you I haven't talked about probably in more than 10 years. So bear with me as I take you through this journey. When I was 22 years old, I came home from work, put a leash on my dog and went for my usual run. I had no idea that at that moment, my life was going to change forever. While I was preparing my dog for the run, a man was finishing drinking at a bar, picked up his car keys, got into a car and headed south, or wherever he was.
2742	adjudicated	1	I've learned some of my most important life lessons from drug dealers and gang members and prostitutes, and I've had some of my most profound theological conversations not in the hallowed halls of a seminary but on a street corner on a Friday night, at 1 a.m.That's a little unusual, since I am a Baptist minister, seminary-trained, and pastored a church for over 20 years, but it's true. It came as a part of my participation in a public safety crime reduction strategy that saw a 79 percent reduction in violent crime over an eight-year period in a major city.But
2557	adjudicated	1	Every day we face issues like climate change or the safety of vaccines where we have to answer questions whose answers rely heavily on scientific information. Scientists tell us that the world is warming. Scientists tell us that vaccines are safe. But how do we know if they are right? Why should be believe the science? The fact is, many of us actually don't believe the science. Public opinion polls consistently show that significant proportions of the American people don't believe the climate is warming due to human activities, don't think that there is evolution by natural selection, and aren't
1074	adjudicated	1	Theme and variations' is one of those forms that require a certain kind of intellectual activity, because you are always comparing the variation with the theme that you hold in your mind. You might say that the theme is nature and everything that follows is a variation on the subject.I was asked, I guess about six years ago, to do a series of paintings that in some way would celebrate the birth of Piero della Francesca. And it was very difficult for me to imagine how to paint pictures that were based on Piero until I realized that I could
2662	adjudicated	2	My students and I work on very tiny robots. Now, you can think of these as robotic versions of something that you're all very familiar with: an ant. We all know that ants and other insects at this size scale can do some pretty incredible things. We've all seen a group of ants, or some version of that, carting off your potato chip at a picnic, for example.But what are the real challenges of engineering these ants? Well, first of all, how do we get the capabilities of an ant in a robot at the same size scale? Well, first
1353	adjudicated	1	"Can geographic information make you healthy? In 2001 I got hit by a train. My train was a heart attack. I found myself in a hospital in an intensive-care ward, recuperating from emergency surgery. And I suddenly realized something: that I was completely in the dark. I started asking my questions, ""Well, why me?"" ""Why now?"" ""Why here?"" ""Could my doctor have warned me?""So, what I want to do here in the few minutes I have with you is really talk about what is the formula for life and good health. Genetics, lifestyle and environment. That's going to sort of"
2945	adjudicated	1	Imagine you are a part of a crew of astronauts traveling to Mars or some distant planet. The travel time could take a year or even longer. The space on board and the resources would be limited. So you and the crew would have to figure out how to produce food with minimal inputs. What if you could bring with you just a few packets of seeds, and grow crops in a matter of hours? And what if those crops would then make more seeds, enabling you to feed the entire crew with just those few packets of seeds for
1650	adjudicated	1	"Ever since I was a little girl seeing ""Star Wars"" for the first time, I've been fascinated by this idea of personal robots. And as a little girl, I loved the idea of a robot that interacted with us much more like a helpful, trusted sidekick — something that would delight us, enrich our lives and help us save a galaxy or two. I knew robots like that didn't really exist, but I knew I wanted to build them.So 20 years pass — I am now a graduate student at MIT studying artificial intelligence, the year is 1997, and NASA"
2868	adjudicated	2	So a few years ago, I did something really brave, or some would say really stupid. I ran for Congress.For years, I had existed safely behind the scenes in politics as a fundraiser, as an organizer, but in my heart, I always wanted to run. The sitting congresswoman had been in my district since 1992. She had never lost a race, and no one had really even run against her in a Democratic primary. But in my mind, this was my way to make a difference, to disrupt the status quo. The polls, however, told a very different story. My
2767	adjudicated	3	"So, people are more afraid of insects than they are of dying. (Laughter) At least, according to a 1973 ""Book of Lists"" survey which preceded all those online best, worst, funniest lists that you see today. Only heights and public speaking exceeded the six-legged as sources of fear. And I suspect if you had put spiders in there, the combinations of insects and spiders would have just topped the chart. Now, I am not one of those people. I really love insects. I think they're interesting and beautiful, and sometimes even cute. (Laughter) And I'm not alone. For centuries, some"
2418	adjudicated	1	One billion people in the world today do not have access to all-season roads. One billion people. One seventh of the Earth's population are totally cut off for some part of the year. We cannot get medicine to them reliably, they cannot get critical supplies, and they cannot get their goods to market in order to create a sustainable income. In sub-Saharan Africa, for instance, 85 percent of roads are unusable in the wet season. Investments are being made, but at the current level, it's estimated it's going to take them 50 years to catch up. In the U.S. alone,
1628	adjudicated	2	"If we look around us, much of what surrounds us started life as various rocks and sludge buried in the ground in various places in the world. But, of course, they don't look like rocks and sludge now. They look like TV cameras, monitors, annoying radio mics. And so this magical transformation is what I was trying to get at with my project, which became known as the Toaster Project. And it was also inspired by this quote from Douglas Adams, and the situation is from ""The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy."" And the situation it describes is the hero"
2456	adjudicated	1	"I want you to imagine what a breakthrough this was for women who were victims of violence in the 1980s. They would come into the emergency room with what the police would call ""a lovers' quarrel,"" and I would see a woman who was beaten, I would see a broken nose and a fractured wrist and swollen eyes. And as activists, we would take our Polaroid camera, we would take her picture, we would wait 90 seconds, and we would give her the photograph. And she would then have the evidence she needed to go to court. We were making"
0	adjudicated	3	Good morning. How are you?(Laughter)It's been great, hasn't it? I've been blown away by the whole thing. In fact, I'm leaving.(Laughter)There have been three themes running through the conference which are relevant to what I want to talk about. One is the extraordinary evidence of human creativity in all of the presentations that we've had and in all of the people here. Just the variety of it and the range of it. The second is that it's put us in a place where we have no idea what's going to happen, in terms of the future. No idea how this
978	adjudicated	2	"One of my favorite cartoon characters is Snoopy. I love the way he sits and lies on his kennel and contemplates the great things of life. So when I thought about compassion, my mind immediately went to one of the cartoon strips, where he's lying there and he says, ""I really understand, and I really appreciate how one should love one's neighbor as one love's oneself. The only trouble is the people next door; I can't stand them."" This, in a way, is one of the challenges of how to interpret a really good idea.We all, I think, believe in"
315	adjudicated	1	As other speakers have said, it's a rather daunting experience — a particularly daunting experience — to be speaking in front of this audience. But unlike the other speakers, I'm not going to tell you about the mysteries of the universe, or the wonders of evolution, or the really clever, innovative ways people are attacking the major inequalities in our world. Or even the challenges of nation-states in the modern global economy. My brief, as you've just heard, is to tell you about statistics — and, to be more precise, to tell you some exciting things about statistics. And that's
963	adjudicated	3	I grew up in Northern Ireland, right up in the very, very north end of it there, where it's absolutely freezing cold. This was me running around in the back garden mid-summer.(Laughter)I couldn't pick a career. In Ireland the obvious choice is the military, but to be honest it actually kind of sucks.(Laughter)My mother wanted me to be a dentist. But the problem was that people kept blowing everything up. So I actually went to school in Belfast, which was where all the action happened. And this was a pretty common sight. The school I went to was pretty boring.
2817	adjudicated	1	What was the most difficult job you ever did? Was it working in the sun? Was it working to provide food for a family or a community? Was it working days and nights trying to protect lives and property? Was it working alone or working on a project that wasn't guaranteed to succeed, but that might improve human health or save a life? Was it working to build something, create something, make a work of art? Was it work for which you were never sure you were fully understood or appreciated? The people in our communities who do these jobs
3025	adjudicated	1	Five years ago, I had my dream job. I was a foreign correspondent in the Middle East reporting for ABC News. But there was a crack in the wall, a problem with our industry, that I felt we needed to fix. You see, I got to the Middle East right around the end of 2007, which was just around the midpoint of the Iraq War. But by the time I got there, it was already nearly impossible to find stories about Iraq on air. Coverage had dropped across the board, across networks. And of the stories that did make it,
2559	adjudicated	2	This is a lot of ones and zeros. It's what we call binary information. This is how computers talk. It's how they store information. It's how computers think. It's how computers do everything it is that computers do. I'm a cybersecurity researcher, which means my job is to sit down with this information and try to make sense of it, to try to understand what all the ones and zeroes mean. Unfortunately for me, we're not just talking about the ones and zeros I have on the screen here. We're not just talking about a few pages of ones and
2717	adjudicated	3	"This is a kindergarten we designed in 2007. We made this kindergarten to be a circle. It's a kind of endless circulation on top of the roof. If you are a parent, you know that kids love to keep making circles. This is how the rooftop looks.And why did we design this? The principal of this kindergarten said, ""No, I don't want a handrail."" I said, ""It's impossible."" But he insisted: ""How about having a net sticking out from the edge of the roof? So that it can catch the children falling off?"" (Laughter) I said, ""It's impossible.""And of course,"
1600	adjudicated	1	I grew up in New York City, between Harlem and the Bronx. Growing up as a boy, we were taught that men had to be tough, had to be strong, had to be courageous, dominating — no pain, no emotions, with the exception of anger — and definitely no fear; that men are in charge, which means women are not; that men lead, and you should just follow and do what we say; that men are superior; women are inferior; that men are strong; women are weak; that women are of less value, property of men, and objects, particularly sexual
2978	adjudicated	2	The great philosopher Aristotle said if something doesn't exist, there's no word for it, and if there's no word for something, that something doesn't exist. So when we talk about elections, we in established democracies, we know what we're talking about. We've got the words. We have the vocabulary. We know what a polling station is. We know what a ballot paper is. But what about countries where democracy doesn't exist, countries where there are no words to describe the concepts that underpin a democratic society?I work in the field of electoral assistance, so that's to say we assist emerging
2040	adjudicated	1	I don't know why, but I'm continually amazed to think that two and a half billion of us around the world are connected to each other through the Internet and that at any point in time more than 30 percent of the world's population can go online to learn, to create and to share. And the amount of time each of us is spending doing all of this is also continuing to go grow. A recent study showed that the young generation alone is spending over eight hours a day online. As the parent of a nine-year-old girl, that number
2194	adjudicated	2	There are a lot of ways the people around us can help improve our lives. We don't bump into every neighbor, so a lot of wisdom never gets passed on, though we do share the same public spaces.So over the past few years, I've tried ways to share more with my neighbors in public space, using simple tools like stickers, stencils and chalk. And these projects came from questions I had, like: How much are my neighbors paying for their apartments?(Laughter)How can we lend and borrow more things, without knocking on each other's doors at a bad time? How can
1316	adjudicated	1	"As an Indian, and now as a politician and a government minister, I've become rather concerned about the hype we're hearing about our own country, all this talk about India becoming a world leader, even the next superpower. In fact, the American publishers of my book, ""The Elephant, The Tiger and the Cell Phone,"" added a gratuitous subtitle saying, ""India: The next 21st-century power."" And I just don't think that's what India's all about, or should be all about.Indeed, what worries me is the entire notion of world leadership seems to me terribly archaic. It's redolent of James Bond movies"
1347	adjudicated	1	As a magician, I try to create images that make people stop and think. I also try to challenge myself to do things that doctors say are not possible. I was buried alive in New York City in a coffin, buried alive in a coffin in April, 1999, for a week. I lived there with nothing but water. And it ended up being so much fun that I decided I could pursue doing more of these things. The next one is I froze myself in a block of ice for three days and three nights in New York City. That
1170	adjudicated	1	I was thinking about my place in the universe, and about my first thought about what infinity might mean, when I was a child. And I thought that if time could reach forwards and backwards infinitely, doesn't that mean that every point in time is really infinitely small, and therefore somewhat meaningless. So we don't really have a place in the universe, as far as on a time line. But nothing else does either. Therefore every moment really is the most important moment that's ever happened, including this moment right now. And so therefore this music you're about to hear
1593	adjudicated	1	I woke up in the middle of the night with the sound of heavy explosion. It was deep at night. I do not remember what time it was. I just remember the sound was so heavy and so very shocking. Everything in my room was shaking — my heart, my windows, my bed, everything. I looked out the windows and I saw a full half-circle of explosion. I thought it was just like the movies, but the movies had not conveyed them in the powerful image that I was seeing full of bright red and orange and gray, and a
2606	adjudicated	3	America's favorite pie is?Audience: Apple. Kenneth Cukier: Apple. Of course it is. How do we know it? Because of data. You look at supermarket sales. You look at supermarket sales of 30-centimeter pies that are frozen, and apple wins, no contest. The majority of the sales are apple. But then supermarkets started selling smaller, 11-centimeter pies, and suddenly, apple fell to fourth or fifth place. Why? What happened? Okay, think about it. When you buy a 30-centimeter pie, the whole family has to agree, and apple is everyone's second favorite. (Laughter) But when you buy an individual 11-centimeter pie, you
271	adjudicated	1	Thank you. It's really an honor and a privilege to be here spending my last day as a teenager. Today I want to talk to you about the future, but first I'm going to tell you a bit about the past. My story starts way before I was born. My grandmother was on a train to Auschwitz, the death camp. And she was going along the tracks, and the tracks split. And somehow — we don't really know exactly the whole story — but the train took the wrong track and went to a work camp rather than the death
1553	adjudicated	1	I got up this morning at 6:10 a.m. after going to sleep at 12:45 a.m. I was awakened once during the night. My heart rate was 61 beats per minute — my blood pressure, 127 over 74. I had zero minutes of exercise yesterday, so my maximum heart rate during exercise wasn't calculated. I had about 600 milligrams of caffeine, zero of alcohol. And my score on the Narcissism Personality Index, or the NPI-16, is a reassuring 0.31.We know that numbers are useful for us when we advertise, manage, govern, search. I'm going to talk about how they're useful when
2838	adjudicated	1	I believe that the secret to producing extremely drought-tolerant crops, which should go some way to providing food security in the world, lies in resurrection plants, pictured here, in an extremely droughted state. You might think that these plants look dead, but they're not. Give them water, and they will resurrect, green up, start growing, in 12 to 48 hours.Now, why would I suggest that producing drought-tolerant crops will go towards providing food security? Well, the current world population is around 7 billion. And it's estimated that by 2050, we'll be between 9 and 10 billion people, with the bulk
1788	adjudicated	1	There was a time in my life when everything seemed perfect. Everywhere I went, I felt at home. Everyone I met, I felt I knew them for as long as I could remember. And I want to share with you how I came to that place and what I've learned since I left it.This is where it began. And it raises an existential question, which is, if I'm having this experience of complete connection and full consciousness, why am I not visible in the photograph, and where is this time and place? This is Los Angeles, California, where I live.
1247	adjudicated	1	♫ Where do we go from here? ♫♫ How do we carry on? ♫♫ I can't get beyond the questions ♫♫ Clambering for the scraps ♫ ♫ in the shatter of us, collapsed ♫♫ It cuts me with every could have been ♫♫ Pain on pain on play, repeating ♫♫ With the backup, makeshift life in waiting ♫♫ Everybody says ♫ ♫ time heals everything ♫♫ What of the wretched hollow? ♫ ♫ The endless in between? ♫♫ Are we just going to wait it out? ♫♫ There is nothing to see here now ♫♫ Turning the sign around ♫♫
1127	adjudicated	1	"Newspapers are dying for a few reasons. Readers don't want to pay for yesterday's news, and advertisers follow them. Your iPhone, your laptop, is much more handy than New York Times on Sunday. And we should save trees in the end. So it's enough to bury any industry. So, should we rather ask, ""Can anything save newspapers?""There are several scenarios for the future newspaper. Some people say it should be free; it should be tabloid, or even smaller: A4; it should be local, run by communities, or niche, for some smaller groups like business — but then it's not free;"
767	adjudicated	3	A great way to start, I think, with my view of simplicity is to take a look at TED. Here you are, understanding why we're here, what's going on with no difficulty at all. The best A.I. in the planet would find it complex and confusing, and my little dog Watson would find it simple and understandable but would miss the point. (Laughter) He would have a great time. And of course, if you're a speaker here, like Hans Rosling, a speaker finds this complex, tricky. But in Hans Rosling's case, he had a secret weapon yesterday, literally, in his
2493	adjudicated	2	Let me start by asking you a question, just with a show of hands: Who has an iPhone? Who has an Android phone? Who has a Blackberry? Who will admit in public to having a Blackberry? (Laughter)And let me guess, how many of you, when you arrived here, like me, went and bought a pay-as-you-go SIM card? Yeah? I'll bet you didn't even know you're using African technology. Pay-as-you-go was a technology, or an idea, pioneered in Africa by a company called Vodacom a good 15 years ago, and now, like franchising, pay-as-you-go is one of the most dominant forces
2850	adjudicated	1	We've evolved with tools, and tools have evolved with us. Our ancestors created these hand axes 1.5 million years ago, shaping them to not only fit the task at hand but also their hand.However, over the years, tools have become more and more specialized. These sculpting tools have evolved through their use, and each one has a different form which matches its function. And they leverage the dexterity of our hands in order to manipulate things with much more precision. But as tools have become more and more complex, we need more complex controls to control them. And so designers
2933	adjudicated	1	As a little Hawaiian, my mom and auntie always told me stories about Kalaupapa — the Hawaiian leper colony surrounded by the highest sea cliffs in the world — and Father Damien, the Belgian missionary who gave his life for the Hawaiian community. As a young nurse, my aunt trained the nuns caring for the remaining lepers almost a 100 years after Father Damien died of leprosy. I remember stories she told about traveling down switchback cliff paths on a mule, while my uncle played her favorite hula songs on the ukulele all the way down to Kalaupapa.You see, as
1767	adjudicated	2	This story is about taking imagination seriously. Fourteen years ago, I first encountered this ordinary material, fishnet, used the same way for centuries. Today, I'm using it to create permanent, billowing, voluptuous forms the scale of hard-edged buildings in cities around the world. I was an unlikely person to be doing this. I never studied sculpture, engineering or architecture. In fact, after college I applied to seven art schools and was rejected by all seven.I went off on my own to become an artist, and I painted for 10 years, when I was offered a Fulbright to India. Promising to
1898	adjudicated	1	Everyone's familiar with cancer, but we don't normally think of cancer as being a contagious disease. The Tasmanian devil has shown us that, not only can cancer be a contagious disease, but it can also threaten an entire species with extinction.So first of all, what is a Tasmanian devil? Many of you might be familiar with Taz, the cartoon character, the one that spins around and around and around. But not many people know that there actually is a real animal called the Tasmanian devil, and it's the world's largest carnivorous marsupial. A marsupial is a mammal with a pouch
1735	adjudicated	2	When I was a child, I always wanted to be a superhero. I wanted to save the world and make everyone happy. But I knew that I'd need superpowers to make my dreams come true. So I used to embark on these imaginary journeys to find intergalactic objects from planet Krypton, which was a lot of fun, but didn't yield much result. When I grew up and realized that science fiction was not a good source for superpowers, I decided instead to embark on a journey of real science, to find a more useful truth.I started my journey in California,
2446	adjudicated	1	I have spent the last years trying to resolve two enigmas: Why is productivity so disappointing in all the companies where I work? I have worked with more than 500 companies. Despite all the technological advances — computers, I.T., communications, telecommunications, the Internet. Enigma number two: Why is there so little engagement at work? Why do people feel so miserable, even actively disengaged? Disengaging their colleagues. Acting against the interest of their company. Despite all the affiliation events, the celebration, the people initiatives, the leadership development programs to train managers on how to better motivate their teams.At the beginning, I
3087	adjudicated	2	Imagine that when you walked in here this evening, you discovered that everybody in the room looked almost exactly the same: ageless, raceless, generically good-looking. That person sitting right next to you might have the most idiosyncratic inner life, but you don't have a clue because we're all wearing the same blank expression all the time. That is the kind of creepy transformation that is taking over cities, only it applies to buildings, not people.Cities are full of roughness and shadow, texture and color. You can still find architectural surfaces of great individuality and character in apartment buildings in Riga
1174	adjudicated	1	College presidents are not the first people who come to mind when the subject is the uses of the creative imagination. So I thought I'd start by telling you how I got here.The story begins in the late '90s. I was invited to meet with leading educators from the newly free Eastern Europe and Russia. They were trying to figure out how to rebuild their universities. Since education under the Soviet Union was essentially propaganda serving the purposes of a state ideology, they appreciated that it would take wholesale transformations if they were to provide an education worthy of free
2696	adjudicated	2	Hello. I'm a toy developer. With a dream of creating new toys that have never been seen before, I began working at a toy company nine years ago. When I first started working there, I proposed many new ideas to my boss every day. However, my boss always asked if I had the data to prove it would sell, and asked me to think of product development after analyzing market data. Data, data, data.So I analyzed the market data before thinking of a product. However, I was unable to think of anything new at that moment. (Laughter) My ideas were
1474	adjudicated	3	Can I ask you to please recall a time when you really loved something — a movie, an album, a song or a book — and you recommended it wholeheartedly to someone you also really liked, and you anticipated that reaction, you waited for it, and it came back, and the person hated it? So, by way of introduction, that is the exact same state in which I spent every working day of the last six years. (Laughter) I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to
2755	adjudicated	2	So in 1885, Karl Benz invented the automobile. Later that year, he took it out for the first public test drive, and — true story — crashed into a wall. For the last 130 years, we've been working around that least reliable part of the car, the driver. We've made the car stronger. We've added seat belts, we've added air bags, and in the last decade, we've actually started trying to make the car smarter to fix that bug, the driver.Now, today I'm going to talk to you a little bit about the difference between patching around the problem with
2142	adjudicated	1	I'd like to tell you about two games of chess. The first happened in 1997, in which Garry Kasparov, a human, lost to Deep Blue, a machine. To many, this was the dawn of a new era, one where man would be dominated by machine. But here we are, 20 years on, and the greatest change in how we relate to computers is the iPad, not HAL.The second game was a freestyle chess tournament in 2005, in which man and machine could enter together as partners, rather than adversaries, if they so chose. At first, the results were predictable. Even
1575	adjudicated	1	So there are a few things that bring us humans together in the way that an election does. We stand in elections; we vote in elections; we observe elections. Our democracies rely on elections. We all understand why we have elections, and we all leave the house on the same day to go and vote. We cherish the opportunity to have our say, to help decide the future of the country. The fundamental idea is that politicians are given mandate to speak for us, to make decisions on our behalf that affect us all. Without that mandate, they would be
146	adjudicated	2	"I'm often asked, ""What surprised you about the book?"" And I say, ""That I got to write it."" I would have never imagined that. Not in my wildest dreams did I think — I don't even consider myself to be an author. And I'm often asked, ""Why do you think so many people have read this? This thing's selling still about a million copies a month.""And I think it's because spiritual emptiness is a universal disease. I think inside at some point, we put our heads down on the pillow and we go, ""There's got to be more to life"
3141	adjudicated	3	When someone mentions Cuba, what do you think about? Classic, classic cars? Perhaps good cigars? Maybe you think of a famous baseball player. What about when somebody mentions North Korea? You think about those missile tests, maybe their notorious leader or his good friend, Dennis Rodman.(Laughter)One thing that likely doesn't come to mind is a vision of a country, an open economy, whose citizens have access to a wide range of affordable consumer products.I'm not here to argue how these countries got to where they are today. I simply want to use them as an example of countries and citizens
2828	adjudicated	1	A hundred years ago this month, a 36-year-old Albert Einstein stood up in front of the Prussian Academy of Sciences in Berlin to present a radical new theory of space, time and gravity: the general theory of relativity.General relativity is unquestionably Einstein's masterpiece, a theory which reveals the workings of the universe at the grandest scales, capturing in one beautiful line of algebra everything from why apples fall from trees to the beginning of time and space.1915 must have been an exciting year to be a physicist. Two new ideas were turning the subject on its head. One was Einstein's
2684	adjudicated	1	"One of the first patients I had to see as a pediatrician was Sol, a beautiful month-old baby who was admitted with signs of a severe respiratory infection. Until then, I had never seen a patient worsen so fast. In just two days she was connected to a respirator and on the third day she died. Sol had whooping cough. After discussing the case in the room and after a quite distressing catharsis, I remember my chief resident said to me, ""Okay, take a deep breath. Wash your face. And now comes the hardest part: We have to go talk"
873	adjudicated	2	As a clergyman, you can imagine how out of place I feel. I feel like a fish out of water, or maybe an owl out of the air.(Laughter)I was preaching in San Jose some time ago, and my friend Mark Kvamme, who helped introduce me to this conference, brought several CEOs and leaders of some of the companies here in the Silicon Valley to have breakfast with me, or I with them. And I was so stimulated. And had such — it was an eye-opening experience to hear them talk about the world that is yet to come through technology
2407	adjudicated	1	Three years ago, I was standing about a hundred yards from Chernobyl nuclear reactor number four. My Geiger counter dosimeter, which measures radiation, was going berserk, and the closer I got, the more frenetic it became, and frantic. My God.I was there covering the 25th anniversary of the world's worst nuclear accident, as you can see by the look on my face, reluctantly so, but with good reason, because the nuclear fire that burned for 11 days back in 1986 released 400 times as much radiation as the bomb dropped on Hiroshima, and the sarcophagus, which is the covering over
1783	adjudicated	1	My name is Emiliano Salinas and I'm going to talk about the role we members of society play in the violent atmosphere this country is living in right now. I was born in 1976. I grew up in a traditional Mexican family. As a child, I had a pretty normal life: I would go to school, play with my friends and cousins. But then my father became President of Mexico and my life changed.What I'm about to say, at least some of what I'm about to say, will cause controversy. Firstly, because I'm the one who's going to say it.
2298	adjudicated	1	Sergey Brin: I want to discuss a question I know that's been pressing on many of your minds. We spoke to you last several years ago. And before I get started today, since many of you are wondering, I just wanted to get it out of the way. The answer is boxers. Now I hope all of you feel better.Do you know what this might be? Does anyone know what that is?Audience: Yes.SB: What is it?Audience: It's people logging on to Google around the world.SB: Wow, OK. I didn't really realize what it was when I first saw it. But
1520	adjudicated	2	"Today, I'm going to take you around the world in 18 minutes. My base of operations is in the U.S., but let's start at the other end of the map, in Kyoto, Japan, where I was living with a Japanese family while I was doing part of my dissertational research 15 years ago. I knew even then that I would encounter cultural differences and misunderstandings, but they popped up when I least expected it.On my first day, I went to a restaurant, and I ordered a cup of green tea with sugar. After a pause, the waiter said, ""One does"
2799	adjudicated	1	"Imagine being unable to say, ""I am hungry,"" ""I am in pain,"" ""thank you,"" or ""I love you."" Being trapped inside your body, a body that doesn't respond to commands. Surrounded by people, yet utterly alone. Wishing you could reach out, to connect, to comfort, to participate. For 13 long years, that was my reality.Most of us never think twice about talking, about communicating. I've thought a lot about it. I've had a lot of time to think.For the first 12 years of my life, I was a normal, happy, healthy little boy. Then everything changed. I contracted a brain"
718	adjudicated	1	"We are going to talk today about the sequel of ""Inconvenient Truth."" It's time again to talk about ""Inconvenient Truth,"" a truth that everyone is concerned about, but nobody is willing to talk about. Somebody has to take the lead, and I decided to do it. If you are scared by global warming, wait until we learn about local warming. We will talk today about local warming.Important health message: blogging may be hazardous to your health, especially if you are a male. This message is given as a public service. Blogging affects your posture. We start with the posture. This"
414	adjudicated	2	We're going to talk — my — a new lecture, just for TED — and I'm going show you some illusions that we've created for TED, and I'm going to try to relate this to happiness. What I was thinking about with happiness is, what gives happiness — or happiness, which I equate with joy in my particular area, and I think there's something very fundamental. And I was thinking about this. And it's in terms of both illusions and movies that we go see and jokes and magic shows is that there's something about these things where our expectations
1120	adjudicated	1	"I don't know what the hell I'm doing here. I was born in a Scots Presbyterian ghetto in Canada, and dropped out of high school. I don't own a cell phone, and I paint on paper using gouache, which hasn't changed in 600 years. But about three years ago I had an art show in New York, and I titled it ""Serious Nonsense."" So I think I'm actually the first one here — I lead. I called it ""Serious Nonsense"" because on the serious side, I use a technique of painstaking realism of editorial illustration from when I was a"
1018	adjudicated	1	Sixty-five million years ago, a very important and catastrophic event changed the course of life on land. And although we know that the land animals I'm going to talk about are just the scum of the Earth on the land — the little bits of land floating around — but they are important to us because they're sort of in our scale of experience from millimeters to meters. And these animals disappeared, and a separate life, mammals, radiated out to take their place. And so, we know this in extraordinary detail. And so this is a core from near Bermuda.
694	adjudicated	2	"You will understand nothing with my type of English. It's good for you because you can have a break after all these fantastic people. I must tell you I am like that, not very comfortable, because usually, in life, I think my job is absolutely useless. I mean, I feel useless. Now after Carolyn, and all the other guys, I feel like shit. And definitively, I don't know why I am here, but — you know the nightmare you can have, like you are an impostor, you arrive at the opera, and they push you, ""You must sing!"" I don't"
530	adjudicated	2	"This is about a place in London called Kiteflyer's Hill where I used to go and spend hours going ""When is he coming back? When is he coming back?"" So this is another one dedicated to that guy ... who I've got over. But this is ""Kiteflyer's Hill."" It's a beautiful song written by a guy called Martin Evan, actually, for me.Boo Hewerdine, Thomas Dolby, thank you very much for inviting me. It's been a blessing singing for you. Thank you very much.♫ Do you remember when we used to go ♫♫ up to Kiteflyer's Hill? ♫♫ Those summer nights,"
1541	adjudicated	2	We live on a human-dominated planet, putting unprecedented pressure on the systems on Earth. This is bad news, but perhaps surprising to you, it's also part of the good news. We're the first generation — thanks to science — to be informed that we may be undermining the stability and the ability of planet Earth to support human development as we know it. It's also good news, because the planetary risks we're facing are so large, that business as usual is not an option. In fact, we're in a phase where transformative change is necessary, which opens the window for
393	adjudicated	3	"So anyway, who am I? I usually say to people, when they say, ""What do you do?"" I say, ""I do hardware,"" because it sort of conveniently encompasses everything I do. And I recently said that to a venture capitalist casually at some Valley event, to which he replied, ""How quaint.""(Laughter)And I sort of really was dumbstruck. And I really should have said something smart. And now I've had a little bit of time to think about it, I would have said, ""Well, you know, if we look at the next 100 years and we've seen all these problems in"
881	adjudicated	2	"When I was President of the American Psychological Association, they tried to media-train me. And an encounter I had with CNN summarizes what I'm going to be talking about today, which is the eleventh reason to be optimistic. The editor of Discover told us 10 of them; I'm going to give you the eleventh.So they came to me, CNN, and they said, ""Professor Seligman — would you tell us about the state of psychology today? We'd like to interview you about that."" And I said, ""Great."" And she said, ""But this is CNN, so you only get a sound bite."""
1339	adjudicated	1	Something called the Danish Twin Study established that only about 10 percent of how long the average person lives, within certain biological limits, is dictated by our genes. The other 90 percent is dictated by our lifestyle. So the premise of Blue Zones: if we can find the optimal lifestyle of longevity we can come up with a de facto formula for longevity.But if you ask the average American what the optimal formula of longevity is, they probably couldn't tell you. They've probably heard of the South Beach Diet, or the Atkins Diet. You have the USDA food pyramid. There
2867	adjudicated	2	Today I wanted to — well, this morning — I want to talk about the future of human-driven transportation; about how we can cut congestion, pollution and parking by getting more people into fewer cars; and how we can do it with the technology that's in our pockets. And yes, I'm talking about smartphones ... not self-driving cars.But to get started we've got to go back over 100 years. Because it turns out there was an Uber way before Uber. And if it had survived, the future of transportation would probably already be here.So let me introduce you to the
2584	adjudicated	1	"Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in a 1968 speech where he reflects upon the Civil Rights Movement, states, ""In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends.""As a teacher, I've internalized this message. Every day, all around us, we see the consequences of silence manifest themselves in the form of discrimination, violence, genocide and war. In the classroom, I challenge my students to explore the silences in their own lives through poetry. We work together to fill those spaces, to recognize them, to name them, to understand that they don't have"
3073	adjudicated	1	"In 1956, a documentary by Jacques Cousteau won both the Palme d'Or and an Oscar award. This film was called, ""Le Monde Du Silence,"" or, ""The Silent World."" The premise of the title was that the underwater world was a quiet world. We now know, 60 years later, that the underwater world is anything but silent.Although the sounds are inaudible above water depending on where you are and the time of year, the underwater soundscape can be as noisy as any jungle or rainforest. Invertebrates like snapping shrimp, fish and marine mammals all use sound. They use sound to study"
2406	adjudicated	1	I was in New York during Hurricane Sandy, and this little white dog called Maui was staying with me. Half the city was dark because of a power cut, and I was living on the dark side. Now, Maui was terrified of the dark, so I had to carry him up the stairs, actually down the stairs first, for his walk, and then bring him back up. I was also hauling gallons of bottles of water up to the seventh floor every day. And through all of this, I had to hold a torch between my teeth. The stores nearby
1902	adjudicated	2	So I'm a doctor, but I kind of slipped sideways into research, and now I'm an epidemiologist. And nobody really knows what epidemiology is. Epidemiology is the science of how we know in the real world if something is good for you or bad for you. And it's best understood through example as the science of those crazy, wacky newspaper headlines. And these are just some of the examples.These are from the Daily Mail. Every country in the world has a newspaper like this. It has this bizarre, ongoing philosophical project of dividing all the inanimate objects in the world
1398	adjudicated	2	"I'm Jane McGonigal. I'm a game designer. I've been making games online now for 10 years, and my goal for the next decade is to try to make it as easy to save the world in real life as it is to save the world in online games. Now, I have a plan for this, and it entails convincing more people, including all of you, to spend more time playing bigger and better games.Right now we spend three billion hours a week playing online games. Some of you might be thinking, ""That's a lot of time to spend playing games."
1720	adjudicated	2	"Mark Zuckerberg, a journalist was asking him a question about the news feed. And the journalist was asking him, ""Why is this so important?"" And Zuckerberg said, ""A squirrel dying in your front yard may be more relevant to your interests right now than people dying in Africa."" And I want to talk about what a Web based on that idea of relevance might look like.So when I was growing up in a really rural area in Maine, the Internet meant something very different to me. It meant a connection to the world. It meant something that would connect us"
3137	adjudicated	1	"It's Christmas Eve, 1968. The Apollo 8 spacecraft has successfully completed its first three orbits around the moon. Launched from Cape Canaveral three days before, this is the first time that humans have ever traveled beyond low Earth orbit. On the vessel's fourth pass, the Earth slowly comes into view and reveals itself above the Moon's horizon. Astronaut Bill Anders frantically asks his crewmates where their camera is, grabs the Hasselblad, points it towards the window, presses the shutter, and takes one of the most important photographs of all time: ""Earthrise.""When the crew was safely home a few days later,"
1022	adjudicated	3	Of the five senses, vision is the one that I appreciate the most, and it's the one that I can least take for granted. I think this is partially due to my father, who was blind. It was a fact that he didn't make much of a fuss about, usually. One time in Nova Scotia, when we went to see a total eclipse of the sun —(Laughter)Yeah, same one as in the Carly Simon song, which may or may not refer to James Taylor, Warren Beatty or Mick Jagger; we're not really sure. They handed out these dark plastic viewers
2908	adjudicated	1	Imagine that you invented a device that can record my memories, my dreams, my ideas, and transmit them to your brain. That would be a game-changing technology, right? But in fact, we already possess this device, and it's called human communication system and effective storytelling. To understand how this device works, we have to look into our brains. And we have to formulate the question in a slightly different manner.Now we have to ask how these neuron patterns in my brain that are associated with my memories and ideas are transmitted into your brains. And we think there are two
2452	adjudicated	1	In 2007, I became the attorney general of the state of New Jersey. Before that, I'd been a criminal prosecutor, first in the Manhattan district attorney's office, and then at the United States Department of Justice.But when I became the attorney general, two things happened that changed the way I see criminal justice. The first is that I asked what I thought were really basic questions. I wanted to understand who we were arresting, who we were charging, and who we were putting in our nation's jails and prisons. I also wanted to understand if we were making decisions in
1947	adjudicated	3	So, my name is Roger Doiron, and I have a subversive plot.(Laughter)(Applause)It is so subversive, in fact, that it has the potential to radically alter the balance of power, not only in our own country, but in the entire world. Now I realize, I'm sounding —(Laughter)a little bit like Dr. Evil now. I understand that. But trust me — we have very, very little in common. His plots are all about destruction and secrecy, whereas my plots are about creation and openness. In fact, my plot can only work if I share it with as many people as possible. So
1688	adjudicated	3	I just came back from a community that holds the secret to human survival. It's a place where women run the show, have sex to say hello, and play rules the day — where fun is serious business. And no, this isn't Burning Man or San Francisco. (Laughter) Ladies and gentlemen, meet your cousins. This is the world of wild bonobos in the jungles of Congo. Bonobos are, together with chimpanzees, your living closest relative. That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived around six million years ago. Now, chimpanzees are well-known for their aggression.(Laughter)But
2651	adjudicated	2	It used to be that if you wanted to get a computer to do something new, you would have to program it. Now, programming, for those of you here that haven't done it yourself, requires laying out in excruciating detail every single step that you want the computer to do in order to achieve your goal. Now, if you want to do something that you don't know how to do yourself, then this is going to be a great challenge.So this was the challenge faced by this man, Arthur Samuel. In 1956, he wanted to get this computer to be
2399	adjudicated	1	I've spent my life working on sustainability. I set up a climate change NGO called The Climate Group. I worked on forestry issues in WWF. I worked on development and agriculture issues in the U.N. system. About 25 years in total, and then three years ago, I found myself talking to IKEA's CEO about joining his team. Like many people here, well, I want to maximize my personal impact in the world, so I'm going to explain why I joined the team there.But first, let's just take three numbers.The first number is three: three billion people. This is the number
2786	adjudicated	1	So I grew up in Orlando, Florida. I was the son of an aerospace engineer. I lived and breathed the Apollo program. We either saw the launches from our backyard or we saw it by driving in the hour over to the Cape. I was impressed by, obviously, space and everything about it, but I was most impressed by the engineering that went into it.Behind me you see an amazing view, a picture that was taken from the International Space Station, and it shows a portion of our planet that's rarely seen and rarely studied and almost never explored. That
2286	adjudicated	2	Let's face it: Driving is dangerous. It's one of the things that we don't like to think about, but the fact that religious icons and good luck charms show up on dashboards around the world betrays the fact that we know this to be true. Car accidents are the leading cause of death in people ages 16 to 19 in the United States — leading cause of death — and 75 percent of these accidents have nothing to do with drugs or alcohol.So what happens? No one can say for sure, but I remember my first accident. I was a
1877	adjudicated	1	I'm a filmmaker. For the last 8 years, I have dedicated my life to documenting the work of Israelis and Palestinians who are trying to end the conflict using peaceful means. When I travel with my work across Europe and the United States, one question always comes up: Where is the Palestinian Gandhi? Why aren't Palestinians using nonviolent resistance?The challenge I face when I hear this question is that often I have just returned from the Middle East where I spent my time filming dozens of Palestinians who are using nonviolence to defend their lands and water resources from Israeli
2378	adjudicated	1	Democracy is in trouble, no question about that, and it comes in part from a deep dilemma in which it is embedded. It's increasingly irrelevant to the kinds of decisions we face that have to do with global pandemics, a cross-border problem; with HIV, a transnational problem; with markets and immigration, something that goes beyond national borders; with terrorism, with war, all now cross-border problems.In fact, we live in a 21st-century world of interdependence, and brutal interdependent problems, and when we look for solutions in politics and in democracy, we are faced with political institutions designed 400 years ago, autonomous,
1771	adjudicated	2	I'm here today to start a revolution. Now before you get up in arms, or you break into song, or you pick a favorite color, I want to define what I mean by revolution. By revolution, I mean a drastic and far-reaching change in the way we think and behave — the way we think and the way we behave. Now why, Steve, why do we need a revolution? We need a revolution because things aren't working; they're just not working. And that makes me really sad because I'm sick and tired of things not working. You know, I'm sick
3106	adjudicated	2	Here's a question for you: how many different scents do you think you can smell, and maybe even identify with accuracy? 100? 300? 1,000? One study estimates that humans can detect up to one trillion different odors. A trillion. It's hard to imagine, but your nose has the molecular machinery to make it happen.Olfactory receptors — tiny scent detectors — are packed into your nose, each one patiently waiting to be activated by the odor, or ligand, that it's been assigned to detect. It turns out we humans, like all vertebrates, have lots of olfactory receptors. In fact, more of
1620	adjudicated	2	"So I am a surgeon who studies creativity, and I have never had a patient tell me, ""I really want you to be creative during surgery,"" and so I guess there's a little bit of irony to it. I will say though that, after having done surgery a lot, it's similar to playing a musical instrument. And for me, this deep and enduring fascination with sound is what led me to both be a surgeon and to study the science of sound, particularly music. I'm going to talk over the next few minutes about my career in terms of how"
2794	adjudicated	1	A question I'm often asked is, where did I get my passion for human rights and justice? It started early. I grew up in the west of Ireland, wedged between four brothers, two older than me and two younger than me. So of course I had to be interested in human rights, and equality and justice, and using my elbows!(Laughter)And those issues stayed with me and guided me, and in particular, when I was elected the first woman President of Ireland, from 1990 to 1997. I dedicated my presidency to having a space for those who felt marginalized on the
1024	adjudicated	1	I'm going to talk about a very fundamental change that is going on in the very fabric of the modern economy. And to talk about that, I'm going to go back to the beginning, because in the beginning were commodities. Commodities are things that you grow in the ground, raise on the ground or pull out of the ground: basically, animal, mineral, vegetable. And then you extract them out of the ground, and sell them on the open marketplace. Commodities were the basis of the agrarian economy that lasted for millennia. But then along came the industrial revolution, and then
1927	adjudicated	1	"Humans have long held a fascination for the human brain. We chart it, we've described it, we've drawn it, we've mapped it. Now just like the physical maps of our world that have been highly influenced by technology — think Google Maps, think GPS — the same thing is happening for brain mapping through transformation.So let's take a look at the brain. Most people, when they first look at a fresh human brain, they say, ""It doesn't look what you're typically looking at when someone shows you a brain."" Typically, what you're looking at is a fixed brain. It's gray."
1237	adjudicated	1	"Today I'm going to talk to you about the problem of other minds. And the problem I'm going to talk about is not the familiar one from philosophy, which is, ""How can we know whether other people have minds?"" That is, maybe you have a mind, and everyone else is just a really convincing robot. So that's a problem in philosophy, but for today's purposes I'm going to assume that many people in this audience have a mind, and that I don't have to worry about this.There is a second problem that is maybe even more familiar to us as"
2444	adjudicated	3	"My job is to design, build and study robots that communicate with people. But this story doesn't start with robotics at all, it starts with animation. When I first saw Pixar's ""Luxo Jr.,"" I was amazed by how much emotion they could put into something as trivial as a desk lamp. I mean, look at them — at the end of this movie, you actually feel something for two pieces of furniture.(Laughter)And I said, I have to learn how to do this. So I made a really bad career decision.(Laughter)And that's what my mom was like when I did it.(Laughter)I"
1215	adjudicated	1	"There's an old saying, ""Just because you can't see something, doesn't mean it's not there."" My work is — it's a reflection of myself. What I wanted to do is to show the world that the little things can be the biggest things. We all seem to think that, you know, if we look down on the ground, there's nothing there. And we use the word ""nothing."" Nothing doesn't exist, because there is always something. My mother told me that, when I was a child, that I should always respect the little things.What made me do this work? I shall"
2846	adjudicated	2	Code is the next universal language. In the seventies, it was punk music that drove the whole generation. In the eighties, it was probably money. But for my generation of people, software is the interface to our imagination and our world. And that means that we need a radically, radically more diverse set of people to build those products, to not see computers as mechanical and lonely and boring and magic, to see them as things that they can tinker and turn around and twist, and so forth.My personal journey into the world of programming and technology started at the
1469	adjudicated	1	"For me, this story begins about 15 years ago, when I was a hospice doctor at the University of Chicago. And I was taking care of people who were dying and their families in the South Side of Chicago. And I was observing what happened to people and their families over the course of their terminal illness. And in my lab, I was studying the widower effect, which is a very old idea in the social sciences, going back 150 years, known as ""dying of a broken heart."" So, when I die, my wife's risk of death can double, for"
1638	adjudicated	1	I'm going to be talking to you about how we can tap a really underutilized resource in health care, which is the patient, or, as I like to use the scientific term, people. Because we are all patients, we are all people. Even doctors are patients at some point. So I want to talk about that as an opportunity that we really have failed to engage with very well in this country and, in fact, worldwide. If you want to get at the big part — I mean from a public health level, where my training is — you're looking
360	adjudicated	1	You know, one of the intense pleasures of travel and one of the delights of ethnographic research is the opportunity to live amongst those who have not forgotten the old ways, who still feel their past in the wind, touch it in stones polished by rain, taste it in the bitter leaves of plants. Just to know that Jaguar shamans still journey beyond the Milky Way, or the myths of the Inuit elders still resonate with meaning, or that in the Himalaya, the Buddhists still pursue the breath of the Dharma, is to really remember the central revelation of anthropology,
2604	adjudicated	3	"Hi everybody. So my name is Mac. My job is that I lie to children, but they're honest lies.I write children's books, and there's a quote from Pablo Picasso, ""We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize truth or at least the truth that is given us to understand. The artist must know the manner whereby to convince others of the truthfulness of his lies.""I first heard this when I was a kid, and I loved it, but I had no idea what it meant. (Laughter)So I thought, you know what, it's"
1701	adjudicated	1	(Applause)Thank you.(Music)♫ Slide into the shimmering surface ♫ ♫ between two worlds. ♫ ♫ Standing at the center of time ♫ ♫ as it uncurls. ♫ ♫ Cutting through the veil of illusion. ♫ ♫ Moving beyond past conclusions. ♫ ♫ Wondering if all my doubt and confusion will clear. ♫ ♫ If I could be anywhere, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere right now, ♫ ♫ I would want to be here. ♫ ♫ Searching for the future ♫ ♫ among the things we're throwing away. ♫ ♫ Trying to see
2912	adjudicated	1	By raising your hand, how many of you know at least one person on the screen? Wow, it's almost a full house. It's true, they are very famous in their fields. And do you know what all of them have in common? They all died of pancreatic cancer. However, although it's very, very sad this news, it's also thanks to their personal stories that we have raised awareness of how lethal this disease can be.It's become the third cause of cancer deaths, and only eight percent of the patients will survive beyond five years. That's a very tiny number, especially
1716	adjudicated	1	So, security is two different things: it's a feeling, and it's a reality. And they're different. You could feel secure even if you're not. And you can be secure even if you don't feel it. Really, we have two separate concepts mapped onto the same word. And what I want to do in this talk is to split them apart — figuring out when they diverge and how they converge. And language is actually a problem here. There aren't a lot of good words for the concepts we're going to talk about. So if you look at security from economic
2400	adjudicated	1	Africa is booming. Per capita incomes since the year 2000 have doubled, and this boom is impacting on everyone. Life expectancy has increased by one year every three years for the last decade. That means if an African child is born today, rather than three days ago, they will get an extra day of life at the end of their lifespan. It's that quick. And HIV infection rates are down 27 percent: 600,000 less people a year are getting HIV in sub-Saharan Africa. The battle against malaria is being won, with deaths from malaria down 27 percent, according to the
2733	adjudicated	1	You may not realize this, but there are more bacteria in your body than stars in our entire galaxy. This fascinating universe of bacteria inside of us is an integral part of our health, and our technology is evolving so rapidly that today we can program these bacteria like we program computers.Now, the diagram that you see here, I know it looks like some kind of sports play, but it is actually a blueprint of the first bacterial program I developed. And like writing software, we can print and write DNA into different algorithms and programs inside of bacteria. What
3114	adjudicated	2	Before I get to bulk of what I have to say, I feel compelled just to mention a couple of things about myself. I am not some mystical, spiritual sort of person. I'm a science writer. I studied physics in college. I used to be a science correspondent for NPR. OK, that said: in the course of working on a story for NPR, I got some advice from an astronomer that challenged my outlook, and frankly, changed my life.You see, the story was about an eclipse, a partial solar eclipse that was set to cross the country in May of
1580	adjudicated	1	Today I want to talk to you about ethnic conflict and civil war. These are not normally the most cheerful of topics, nor do they generally generate the kind of good news that this conference is about. Yet, not only is there at least some good news to be told about fewer such conflicts now than two decades ago, but what is perhaps more important is that we also have come to a much better understanding of what can be done to further reduce the number of ethnic conflicts and civil wars and the suffering that they inflict. Three things
2640	adjudicated	2	Well, good afternoon. How many of you took the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge? (Applause) Woo hoo! Well, I have to tell you, from the bottom of our hearts, thank you so very, very much. Do you know to date the ALS Association has raised 125 million dollars? Woo hoo! (Applause)It takes me back to the summer of 2011. My family, my kids had all grown up. We were officially empty nesters, and we decided, let's go on a family vacation. Jenn, my daughter, and my son-in-law came down from New York. My youngest, Andrew, he came down from his home
602	adjudicated	3	"I just heard the best joke about Bond Emeruwa. I was having lunch with him just a few minutes ago, and a Nigerian journalist comes — and this will only make sense if you've ever watched a James Bond movie — and a Nigerian journalist comes up to him and goes, ""Aha, we meet again, Mr. Bond!"" (Laughter) It was great.So, I've got a little sheet of paper here, mostly because I'm Nigerian and if you leave me alone, I'll talk for like two hours.I just want to say good afternoon, good evening. It's been an incredible few days. It's"
2894	adjudicated	1	Cancer affects all of us — especially the ones that come back over and over again, the highly invasive and drug-resistant ones, the ones that defy medical treatment, even when we throw our best drugs at them. Engineering at the molecular level, working at the smallest of scales, can provide exciting new ways to fight the most aggressive forms of cancer.Cancer is a very clever disease. There are some forms of cancer, which, fortunately, we've learned how to address relatively well with known and established drugs and surgery. But there are some forms of cancer that don't respond to these
2992	adjudicated	2	Speaking up is hard to do. I understood the true meaning of this phrase exactly one month ago, when my wife and I became new parents. It was an amazing moment. It was exhilarating and elating, but it was also scary and terrifying. And it got particularly terrifying when we got home from the hospital, and we were unsure whether our little baby boy was getting enough nutrients from breastfeeding. And we wanted to call our pediatrician, but we also didn't want to make a bad first impression or come across as a crazy, neurotic parent. So we worried. And
1372	adjudicated	1	Sadly, in the next 18 minutes when I do our chat, four Americans that are alive will be dead through the food that they eat.My name's Jamie Oliver. I'm 34 years old. I'm from Essex in England and for the last seven years I've worked fairly tirelessly to save lives in my own way. I'm not a doctor; I'm a chef, I don't have expensive equipment or medicine. I use information, education.I profoundly believe that the power of food has a primal place in our homes that binds us to the best bits of life. We have an awful, awful
1178	adjudicated	1	I have had the distinct pleasure of living inside two biospheres. Of course we all here in this room live in Biosphere 1. I've also lived in Biosphere 2. And the wonderful thing about that is that I get to compare biospheres. And hopefully from that I get to learn something.So what did I learn? Well, here I am inside Biosphere 2, making a pizza. So I am harvesting the wheat, in order to make the dough. And then of course I have to milk the goats and feed the goats in order to make the cheese. It took me
2443	adjudicated	1	"Two years ago, I have to say there was no problem. Two years ago, I knew exactly what an icon looked like. It looks like this. Everybody's icon, but also the default position of a curator of Italian Renaissance paintings, which I was then. And in a way, this is also another default selection. Leonardo da Vinci's exquisitely soulful image of the ""Lady with an Ermine."" And I use that word, soulful, deliberately. Or then there's this, or rather these: the two versions of Leonardo's ""Virgin of the Rocks"" that were about to come together in London for the very"
2589	adjudicated	3	Oliver was an extremely dashing, handsome, charming and largely unstable male that I completely lost my heart to.(Laughter)He was a Bernese mountain dog, and my ex-husband and I adopted him, and about six months in, we realized that he was a mess. He had such paralyzing separation anxiety that we couldn't leave him alone. Once, he jumped out of our third floor apartment. He ate fabric. He ate things, recyclables. He hunted flies that didn't exist. He suffered from hallucinations. He was diagnosed with a canine compulsive disorder and that's really just the tip of the iceberg.But like with humans,
1594	adjudicated	2	So I'm going to talk about work; specifically, why people can't seem to get work done at work, which is a problem we all kind of have. But let's sort of start at the beginning.So, we have companies and non-profits and charities and all these groups that have employees or volunteers of some sort. And they expect these people who work for them to do great work — I would hope, at least. At least good work, hopefully, at least it's good work — hopefully great work. And so what they typically do is they decide that all these people
1677	adjudicated	1	This is a river. This is a stream. This is a river. This is happening all over the country. There are tens of thousands of miles of dewatered streams in the United States. On this map, the colored areas represent water conflicts. Similar problems are emerging in the East as well. The reasons vary state to state, but mostly in the details. There are 4,000 miles of dewatered streams in Montana alone. They would ordinarily support fish and other wildlife. They're the veins of the ecosystem, and they're often empty veins.I want to tell you the story of just one
609	adjudicated	3	"Now, have any of y'all ever looked up this word? You know, in a dictionary? (Laughter) Yeah, that's what I thought. How about this word? Here, I'll show it to you. Lexicography: the practice of compiling dictionaries. Notice — we're very specific — that word ""compile."" The dictionary is not carved out of a piece of granite, out of a lump of rock. It's made up of lots of little bits. It's little discrete — that's spelled D-I-S-C-R-E-T-E — bits. And those bits are words.Now one of the perks of being a lexicographer — besides getting to come to TED"
2996	adjudicated	2	In 1987, Tina Lord found herself in quite the pickle. See, this gold digger made sure she married sweet Cord Roberts just before he inherited millions. But when Cord found out Tina loved his money as much as she loved him, he dumped her. Cord's mother Maria was thrilled until they hooked up again. So Maria hired Max Holden to romance Tina and then made sure Cord didn't find out Tina was pregnant with his baby. So Tina, still married but thinking Cord didn't love her flew to Argentina with Max. Cord finally figured out what was going on and
2102	adjudicated	3	Now, I don't usually like cartoons, I don't think many of them are funny, I find them weird. But I love this cartoon from the New Yorker.(Text: Never, ever think outside the box.) (Laughter)So, the guy is telling the cat, don't you dare think outside the box. Well, I'm afraid I used to be the cat. I always wanted to be outside the box. And it's partly because I came to this field from a different background, chemist and a bacterial geneticist. So, what people were saying to me about the cause of cancer, sources of cancer, or, for that
3119	adjudicated	2	Hi everyone. So, I'm going to take us back to 2007. I'd just spent about six months working on album that I'd poured my heart and my soul into, and it was getting about three plays per day on Myspace at the time, and I was getting more and more depressed when I started noticing these other people who were playing guitar and singing and putting videos on this new site called YouTube, and they were getting 300,000 views. So I decided I'm going to start making some Youtube videos. And one day they featured a video of my band
2266	adjudicated	3	"In two weeks time, that's the ninth anniversary of the day I first stepped out onto that hallowed ""Jeopardy"" set. I mean, nine years is a long time. And given ""Jeopardy's"" average demographics, I think what that means is most of the people who saw me on that show are now dead. (Laughter) But not all, a few are still alive. Occasionally I still get recognized at the mall or whatever. And when I do, it's as a bit of a know-it-all. I think that ship has sailed, it's too late for me. For better or for worse, that's what"
2018	adjudicated	3	"Hi. (Laughter)I did that for two reasons. First of all, I wanted to give you a good visual first impression. But the main reason I did it is that that's what happens to me when I'm forced to wear a Lady Gaga skanky mic.(Laughter)I'm used to a stationary mic. It's the sensible shoe of public address.(Laughter)But you clamp this thing on my head, and something happens. I just become skanky. (Laughter) So I'm sorry about that. And I'm already off-message.(Laughter)Ladies and gentlemen, I have devoted the past 25 years of my life to designing books. (""Yes, BOOKS. You know, the"
2063	adjudicated	1	I collaborate with bacteria. And I'm about to show you some stop-motion footage that I made recently where you'll see bacteria accumulating minerals from their environment over the period of an hour.So what you're seeing here is the bacteria metabolizing, and as they do so they create an electrical charge. And this attracts metals from their local environment. And these metals accumulate as minerals on the surface of the bacteria.One of the most pervasive problems in the world today for people is inadequate access to clean drinking water. And the desalination process is one where we take out salts. We
2730	adjudicated	2	On the path that American children travel to adulthood, two institutions oversee the journey. The first is the one we hear a lot about: college. Some of you may remember the excitement that you felt when you first set off for college. Some of you may be in college right now and you're feeling this excitement at this very moment.College has some shortcomings. It's expensive; it leaves young people in debt. But all in all, it's a pretty good path. Young people emerge from college with pride and with great friends and with a lot of knowledge about the world.
407	adjudicated	2	"I'm going to give you four specific examples, I'm going to cover at the end about how a company called Silk tripled their sales; how an artist named Jeff Koons went from being a nobody to making a whole bunch of money and having a lot of impact; to how Frank Gehry redefined what it meant to be an architect. And one of my biggest failures as a marketer in the last few years — a record label I started that had a CD called ""Sauce.""Before I can do that I've got to tell you about sliced bread, and a"
2241	adjudicated	1	(Mechanical noises) Music) (Applause)
2302	adjudicated	1	"When we use the word ""architect"" or ""designer,"" what we usually mean is a professional, someone who gets paid, and we tend to assume that it's those professionals who are going to be the ones to help us solve the really big, systemic design challenges that we face like climate change, urbanization and social inequality. That's our kind of working presumption. And I think it's wrong, actually.In 2008, I was just about to graduate from architecture school after several years, and go out and get a job, and this happened. The economy ran out of jobs. And a couple of"
2652	adjudicated	1	"The power of yet.I heard about a high school in Chicago where students had to pass a certain number of courses to graduate, and if they didn't pass a course, they got the grade ""Not Yet."" And I thought that was fantastic, because if you get a failing grade, you think, I'm nothing, I'm nowhere. But if you get the grade ""Not Yet"", you understand that you're on a learning curve. It gives you a path into the future.""Not Yet"" also gave me insight into a critical event early in my career, a real turning point. I wanted to see"
3051	adjudicated	3	Have you ever heard the one about how breastfeeding is free?(Laughter)Yeah, it's pretty funny, because it's only free if we don't value women's time and energy. Any mother can tell you how much time and energy it takes to liquify her body — to literally dissolve herself —(Laughter)as she feeds this precious little cannibal.(Laughter)Milk is why mammals suck. At Arizona State University, in the Comparative Lactation Lab, I decode mothers' milk composition to understand its complexity and how it influences infant development. The most important thing that I've learned is that we do not do enough to support mothers and
2578	adjudicated	1	You probably don't know me, but I am one of those .01 percenters that you hear about and read about, and I am by any reasonable definition a plutocrat. And tonight, what I would like to do is speak directly to other plutocrats, to my people, because it feels like it's time for us all to have a chat. Like most plutocrats, I too am a proud and unapologetic capitalist. I have founded, cofounded or funded over 30 companies across a range of industries. I was the first non-family investor in Amazon.com. I cofounded a company called aQuantive that we
3027	adjudicated	3	When I was a kid, I was the quintessential nerd. I think some of you were, too.(Laughter)And you, sir, who laughed the loudest, you probably still are.(Laughter)I grew up in a small town in the dusty plains of north Texas, the son of a sheriff who was the son of a pastor. Getting into trouble was not an option. And so I started reading calculus books for fun.(Laughter)You did, too. That led me to building a laser and a computer and model rockets, and that led me to making rocket fuel in my bedroom. Now, in scientific terms, we call
2815	adjudicated	1	It's often said that you can tell a lot about a person by looking at what's on their bookshelves. What do my bookshelves say about me? Well, when I asked myself this question a few years ago, I made an alarming discovery. I'd always thought of myself as a fairly cultured, cosmopolitan sort of person. But my bookshelves told a rather different story. Pretty much all the titles on them were by British or North American authors, and there was almost nothing in translation. Discovering this massive, cultural blind spot in my reading came as quite a shock.And when I
2807	adjudicated	1	A few years ago, with my colleague, Emmanuelle Charpentier, I invented a new technology for editing genomes. It's called CRISPR-Cas9. The CRISPR technology allows scientists to make changes to the DNA in cells that could allow us to cure genetic disease.You might be interested to know that the CRISPR technology came about through a basic research project that was aimed at discovering how bacteria fight viral infections. Bacteria have to deal with viruses in their environment, and we can think about a viral infection like a ticking time bomb — a bacterium has only a few minutes to defuse the
365	adjudicated	2	If you take 10,000 people at random, 9,999 have something in common: their interests in business lie on or near the Earth's surface. The odd one out is an astronomer, and I am one of that strange breed. (Laughter) My talk will be in two parts. I'll talk first as an astronomer, and then as a worried member of the human race. But let's start off by remembering that Darwin showed how we're the outcome of four billion years of evolution. And what we try to do in astronomy and cosmology is to go back before Darwin's simple beginning, to
2366	adjudicated	3	"Ah yes, those university days, a heady mix of Ph.D-level pure mathematics and world debating championships, or, as I like to say, ""Hello, ladies. Oh yeah."" Didn't get much sexier than the Spence at university, let me tell you.It is such a thrill for a humble breakfast radio announcer from Sydney, Australia, to be here on the TED stage literally on the other side of the world. And I wanted to let you know, a lot of the things you've heard about Australians are true. From the youngest of ages, we display a prodigious sporting talent. On the field of"
1551	adjudicated	1	I'm going to share with you the story as to how I have become an HIV/AIDS campaigner. And this is the name of my campaign: SING Campaign. In November of 2003, I was invited to take part in the launch of Nelson Mandela's 46664 Foundation — that is his HIV/AIDS foundation. And 46664 is the number that Mandela had when he was imprisoned in Robben Island. And that's me with Youssou N'Dour, onstage, having the time of my life. The next day, all the artists were invited to join Mandela in Robben Island, where he was going to give a
1394	adjudicated	1	If you think about the phone — and Intel has tested a lot of the things I'm going to show you, over the last 10 years, in about 600 elderly households — 300 in Ireland, and 300 in Portland — trying to understand: How do we measure and monitor behavior in a medically meaningful way?And if you think about the phone, right, it's something that we can use for some incredible ways to help people actually take the right medication at the right time. We're testing these kinds of simple sensor-network technologies in the home so that any phone that
2386	adjudicated	1	So, we used to solve big problems. On July 21st, 1969, Buzz Aldrin climbed out of Apollo 11's lunar module and descended onto the Sea of Tranquility. Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence on the moon's gray surface was the culmination of a convulsive, collective effort.The Apollo program was the greatest peacetime mobilization in the history of the United States. To get to the moon, NASA spent around 180 billion dollars in today's money, or four percent of the federal budget. Apollo employed around 400,000 people and demanded the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies. People
773	adjudicated	2	"It was an incredible surprise to me to find out that there was actually an organization that cared about both parts of my life. Because, basically, I work as a theoretical physicist. I develop and test models of the Big Bang, using observational data. And I've been moonlighting for the last five years helping with a project in Africa. And, I get a lot of flak for this at Cambridge. People wonder, you know, ""How do you have time to do this?"" And so on. And so it was simply astonishing to me to find an organization that actually appreciated"
424	adjudicated	1	I'm supposed to scare you, because it's about fear, right? And you should be really afraid, but not for the reasons why you think you should be. You should be really afraid that — if we stick up the first slide on this thing — there we go — that you're missing out. Because if you spend this week thinking about Iraq and thinking about Bush and thinking about the stock market, you're going to miss one of the greatest adventures that we've ever been on. And this is what this adventure's really about. This is crystallized DNA. Every life
807	adjudicated	3	I write about food. I write about cooking. I take it quite seriously, but I'm here to talk about something that's become very important to me in the last year or two. It is about food, but it's not about cooking, per se. I'm going to start with this picture of a beautiful cow. I'm not a vegetarian — this is the old Nixon line, right? But I still think that this — (Laughter) — may be this year's version of this.Now, that is only a little bit hyperbolic. And why do I say it? Because only once before has
2825	adjudicated	3	So when I was a kid ... this was my team.(Laughter)I stunk at sports. I didn't like to play them, I didn't like to watch them. So this is what I did. I went fishing. And for all of my growing up I fished on the shores of Connecticut, and these are the creatures that I saw on a regular basis. But after I grew up and went to college, and I came home in the early 90's, this is what I found. My team had shrunk. It was like literally having your roster devastated. And as I sort of
2764	adjudicated	1	"About 10 years ago, I went through a little bit of a hard time. So I decided to go see a therapist. I had been seeing her for a few months, when she looked at me one day and said, ""Who actually raised you until you were three?"" Seemed like a weird question. I said, ""My parents."" And she said, ""I don't think that's actually the case; because if it were, we'd be dealing with things that are far more complicated than just this.""It sounded like the setup to a joke, but I knew she was serious. Because when I"
2812	adjudicated	1	Religion is more than belief. It's power, and it's influence. And that influence affects all of us, every day, regardless of your own belief. Despite the enormous influence of religion on the world today, we hold them to a different standard of scrutiny and accountability than any other sector of our society. For example, if there were a multinational organization, government or corporation today that said no female could be on a leadership board, not one woman could have a decision-making authority, not one woman could handle any financial matter, we would have outrage. There would be sanctions. And yet
2417	adjudicated	2	Technology can change our understanding of nature.Take for example the case of lions. For centuries, it's been said that female lions do all of the hunting out in the open savanna, and male lions do nothing until it's time for dinner. You've heard this too, I can tell. Well recently, I led an airborne mapping campaign in the Kruger National Park in South Africa. Our colleagues put GPS tracking collars on male and female lions, and we mapped their hunting behavior from the air. The lower left shows a lion sizing up a herd of impala for a kill, and
1929	adjudicated	1	I was offered a position as associate professor of medicine and chief of scientific visualization at Yale University in the department of medicine. And my job was to write many of the algorithms and code for NASA to do virtual surgery in preparation for the astronauts going into deep-space flight, so they could be kept in robotic pods. One of the fascinating things about what we were working on is that we were seeing, using new scanning technologies, things that had never been seen before. Not only in disease management, but also things that allowed us to see things about
1778	adjudicated	1	By birth and by choice, I've been involved with the auto industry my entire life, and for the past 30 years, I've worked at Ford Motor Company. And for most of those years, I worried about, how am I going to sell more cars and trucks? But today I worry about, what if all we do is sell more cars and trucks? What happens when the number of vehicles on the road doubles, triples, or even quadruples?My life is guided by two great passions, and the first is automobiles. I literally grew up with the Ford Motor Company. I thought
1993	adjudicated	2	When I was nine years old, I went off to summer camp for the first time. And my mother packed me a suitcase full of books, which to me seemed like a perfectly natural thing to do. Because in my family, reading was the primary group activity. And this might sound antisocial to you, but for us it was really just a different way of being social. You have the animal warmth of your family sitting right next to you, but you are also free to go roaming around the adventureland inside your own mind. And I had this idea
310	adjudicated	1	Walk around for four months with three wishes, and all the ideas will start to percolate up. I think everybody should do it — think that you've got three wishes. And what would you do? It's actually a great exercise to really drill down to the things that you feel are important, and really reflect on the world around us. And thinking that, can an individual actually do something, or come up with something, that may actually get some traction out there and make a difference? Inspired by nature — that's the theme here. And I think, quite frankly, that's
2613	adjudicated	1	I have the feeling that we can all agree that we're moving towards a new model of the state and society. But, we're absolutely clueless as to what this is or what it should be. It seems like we need to have a conversation about democracyin our day and age. Let's think about it this way: We are 21st-century citizens, doing our very, very best to interact with 19th century-designed institutions that are based on an information technology of the 15th century. Let's have a look at some of the characteristics of this system. First of all, it's designed for
1938	adjudicated	2	(Music)Good afternoon.As you're all aware, we face difficult economic times. I come to you with a modest proposal for easing the financial burden.This idea came to me while talking to a physicist friend of mine at MIT. He was struggling to explain something to me: a beautiful experiment that uses lasers to cool down matter. Now he confused me from the very start, because light doesn't cool things down. It makes it hotter. It's happening right now. The reason that you can see me standing here is because this room is filled with more than 100 quintillion photons, and they're
198	adjudicated	2	I'd like to talk today about the two biggest social trends in the coming century, and perhaps in the next 10,000 years. But I want to start with my work on romantic love, because that's my most recent work. What I and my colleagues did was put 32 people, who were madly in love, into a functional MRI brain scanner. 17 who were madly in love and their love was accepted; and 15 who were madly in love and they had just been dumped. And so I want to tell you about that first, and then go on into where
2521	adjudicated	1	"A computer is an incredibly powerful means of creative expression, but for the most part, that expression is confined to the screens of our laptops and mobile phones. And I'd like to tell you a story about bringing this power of the computer to move things around and interact with us off of the screen and into the physical world in which we live.A few years ago, I got a call from a luxury fashion store called Barneys New York, and the next thing I knew, I was designing storefront kinetic sculptures for their window displays.This one's called ""The Chase."""
1029	adjudicated	2	I became an inventor by accident. I was out of the air force in 1956. No, no, that's not true: I went in in 1956, came out in 1959, was working at the University of Washington, and I came up with an idea, from reading a magazine article, for a new kind of a phonograph tone arm. Now, that was before cassette tapes, C.D.s, DVDs — any of the cool stuff we've got now. And it was an arm that, instead of hinging and pivoting as it went across the record, went straight: a radial, linear tracking tone arm. And
1713	adjudicated	1	"I would like to talk today about what I think is one of the greatest adventures human beings have embarked upon, which is the quest to understand the universe and our place in it. My own interest in this subject, and my passion for it, began rather accidentally. I had bought a copy of this book, ""The Universe and Dr. Einstein"" — a used paperback from a secondhand bookstore in Seattle. A few years after that, in Bangalore, I was finding it hard to fall asleep one night, and I picked up this book, thinking it would put me to"
1691	adjudicated	1	The idea behind the Stuxnet computer worm is actually quite simple. We don't want Iran to get the bomb. Their major asset for developing nuclear weapons is the Natanz uranium enrichment facility. The gray boxes that you see, these are real-time control systems. Now if we manage to compromise these systems that control drive speeds and valves, we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge. The gray boxes don't run Windows software; they are a completely different technology. But if we manage to place a good Windows virus on a notebook that is used by a maintenance
1320	adjudicated	1	I'm talking to you about the worst form of human rights violation, the third-largest organized crime, a $10 billion industry. I'm talking to you about modern-day slavery.I'd like to tell you the story of these three children, Pranitha, Shaheen and Anjali. Pranitha's mother was a woman in prostitution, a prostituted person. She got infected with HIV, and towards the end of her life, when she was in the final stages of AIDS, she could not prostitute, so she sold four-year-old Pranitha to a broker. By the time we got the information, we reached there, Pranitha was already raped by three
1969	adjudicated	2	When I was seven years old and my sister was just five years old, we were playing on top of a bunk bed. I was two years older than my sister at the time — I mean, I'm two years older than her now — but at the time it meant she had to do everything that I wanted to do, and I wanted to play war. So we were up on top of our bunk beds. And on one side of the bunk bed, I had put out all of my G.I. Joe soldiers and weaponry. And on the
1972	adjudicated	1	"When we park in a big parking lot, how do we remember where we parked our car? Here's the problem facing Homer. And we're going to try to understand what's happening in his brain.So we'll start with the hippocampus, shown in yellow, which is the organ of memory. If you have damage there, like in Alzheimer's, you can't remember things including where you parked your car. It's named after Latin for ""seahorse,"" which it resembles. And like the rest of the brain, it's made of neurons.So the human brain has about a hundred billion neurons in it. And the neurons"
2062	adjudicated	2	"When I go to parties, it doesn't usually take very long for people to find out that I'm a scientist and I study sex. And then I get asked questions. And the questions usually have a very particular format. They start with the phrase, ""A friend told me,"" and then they end with the phrase, ""Is this true?"" And most of the time I'm glad to say that I can answer them, but sometimes I have to say, ""I'm really sorry, but I don't know because I'm not that kind of a doctor.""That is, I'm not a clinician, I'm a"
3122	adjudicated	1	"The philosopher Plato once said, ""Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything."" Music has always been a big part of my life. To create and to perform music connects you to people countries and lifetimes away. It connects you to the people you're playing with, to your audience and to yourself. When I'm happy, when I'm sad, when I'm bored, when I'm stressed, I listen to and I create music.When I was younger, I played piano; later, I took up guitar. And as I started high school, music"
1564	adjudicated	1	"I learned about the Haiti earthquake by Skype. My wife sent me a message, ""Whoa, earthquake,"" and then disappeared for 25 minutes. It was 25 minutes of absolute terror that thousands of people across the U.S. felt. I was afraid of a tsunami; what I didn't realize was there was a greater terror in Haiti, and that was building collapse. We've all seen the photos of the collapsed buildings in Haiti. These are shots my wife took a couple days after the quake, while I was making my way through the D.R. into the country. This is the national palace"
2947	adjudicated	1	Imagine you're walking through a forest. I'm guessing you're thinking of a collection of trees, what we foresters call a stand, with their rugged stems and their beautiful crowns. Yes, trees are the foundation of forests, but a forest is much more than what you see, and today I want to change the way you think about forests. You see, underground there is this other world, a world of infinite biological pathways that connect trees and allow them to communicate and allow the forest to behave as though it's a single organism. It might remind you of a sort of
1996	adjudicated	1	What do I know that would cause me, a reticent, Midwestern scientist, to get myself arrested in front of the White House protesting? And what would you do if you knew what I know? Let's start with how I got to this point. I was lucky to grow up at a time when it was not difficult for the child of a tenant farmer to make his way to the state university.And I was really lucky to go to the University of Iowa where I could study under Professor James Van Allen who built instruments for the first U.S. satellites.
2380	adjudicated	1	There is an ancient proverb that says it's very difficult to find a black cat in a dark room, especially when there is no cat. I find this a particularly apt description of science and how science works — bumbling around in a dark room, bumping into things, trying to figure out what shape this might be, what that might be, there are reports of a cat somewhere around, they may not be reliable, they may be, and so forth and so on.Now I know this is different than the way most people think about science. Science, we generally are
1770	adjudicated	2	I'm a contemporary artist with a bit of an unexpected background. I was in my 20s before I ever went to an art museum. I grew up in the middle of nowhere on a dirt road in rural Arkansas, an hour from the nearest movie theater. And I think it was a great place to grow up as an artist because I grew up around quirky, colorful characters who were great at making with their hands. And my childhood is more hick than I could ever possibly relate to you, and also more intellectual than you would ever expect. For
2774	adjudicated	1	For the past decade, I've been studying non-state armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militias. I document what these groups do when they're not shooting. My goal is to better understand these violent actors and to study ways to encourage transition from violent engagement to nonviolent confrontation. I work in the field, in the policy world and in the library.Understanding non-state armed groups is key to solving most ongoing conflict, because war has changed. It used to be a contest between states. No longer. It is now a conflict between states and non-state actors. For example, of the
1763	adjudicated	2	When I was growing up in Montana, I had two dreams. I wanted to be a paleontologist, a dinosaur paleontologist, and I wanted to have a pet dinosaur. And so that's what I've been striving for all of my life. I was very fortunate early in my career. I was fortunate in finding things. I wasn't very good at reading things. In fact, I don't read much of anything. I am extremely dyslexic, and so reading is the hardest thing I do. But instead, I go out and I find things. Then I just pick things up. I basically practice
1596	adjudicated	1	Hello. My name is Birke Baehr, and I'm 11 years old. I came here today to talk about what's wrong with our food system. First of all, I would like to say that I'm really amazed at how easily kids are led to believe all the marketing and advertising on TV, at public schools and pretty much everywhere else you look. It seems to me like corporations are always trying to get kids, like me, to get their parents to buy stuff that really isn't good for us or the planet. Little kids, especially, are attracted by colorful packaging and
2883	adjudicated	1	So there are lands few and far between on Earth itself that are hospitable to humans by any measure, but survive we have. Our primitive ancestors, when they found their homes and livelihood endangered, they dared to make their way into unfamiliar territories in search of better opportunities. And as the descendants of these explorers, we have their nomadic blood coursing through our own veins. But at the same time, distracted by our bread and circuses and embroiled in the wars that we have waged on each other, it seems that we have forgotten this desire to explore. We, as
2765	adjudicated	1	"It was the middle of summer and well past closing time in the downtown Berkeley bar where my friend Polly and I worked together as bartenders. Usually at the end of our shift we had a drink — but not that night. ""I'm pregnant. Not sure what I'm going to do yet,"" I told Polly. Without hesitation, she replied, ""I've had an abortion."" Before Polly, no one had ever told me that she'd had an abortion. I'd graduated from college just a few months earlier and I was in a new relationship when I found out that I was pregnant."
2729	adjudicated	2	Hi. I'm going to talk to you today about laughter, and I just want to start by thinking about the first time I can ever remember noticing laughter. This is when I was a little girl. I would've been about six. And I came across my parents doing something unusual, where they were laughing. They were laughing very, very hard. They were lying on the floor laughing. They were screaming with laughter. I did not know what they were laughing at, but I wanted in. I wanted to be part of that, and I kind of sat around at the
2161	adjudicated	1	What I do is I organize information. I'm a graphic designer. Professionally, I try to make sense often of things that don't make much sense themselves.So my father might not understand what it is that I do for a living. His part of my ancestry has been farmers. He's part of this ethnic minority called the Pontic Greeks. They lived in Asia Minor and fled to Greece after a genocide about a hundred years ago. And ever since that, migration has somewhat been a theme in my family. My father moved to Germany, studied there and married, and as a
1075	adjudicated	1	I want to start out by asking you to think back to when you were a kid, playing with blocks. As you figured out how to reach out and grasp, pick them up and move them around, you were actually learning how to think and solve problems by understanding and manipulating spatial relationships. Spatial reasoning is deeply connected to how we understand a lot of the world around us.So, as a computer scientist inspired by this utility of our interactions with physical objects — along with my adviser Pattie, and my collaborator Jeevan Kalanithi — I started to wonder —
2914	adjudicated	1	So this is James Risen. You may know him as the Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for The New York Times. Long before anybody knew Edward Snowden's name, Risen wrote a book in which he famously exposed that the NSA was illegally wiretapping the phone calls of Americans. But it's another chapter in that book that may have an even more lasting impact. In it, he describes a catastrophic US intelligence operation in which the CIA quite literally handed over blueprints of a nuclear bomb to Iran. If that sounds crazy, go read it. It's an incredible story.But you know who didn't
1721	adjudicated	3	Good afternoon, everybody. I've got something to show you. (Laughter) Think about this as a pixel, a flying pixel. This is what we call, in our lab, sensible design. Let me tell you a bit about it. Now if you take this picture — I'm Italian originally, and every boy in Italy grows up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom — but the reason I'm showing you this is that something very interesting happened in Formula 1 racing over the past couple of decades. Now some time ago, if you wanted to win a Formula 1 race,
2983	adjudicated	3	"I want to talk to you about my kids. Now, I know everyone thinks that their kid is the most fantastic, the most beautiful kid that ever lived. But mine really are.(Laughter)I have 696 kids, and they are the most intelligent, inventive, innovative, brilliant and powerful kids that you'll ever meet.Any student I've had the honor of teaching in my classroom is my kid. However, because their ""real"" parents aren't rich and, I argue, because they are mostly of color, they will seldom get to see in themselves the awesomeness that I see in them. Because what I see in"
830	adjudicated	3	"Probably a lot of you know the story of the two salesmen who went down to Africa in the 1900s. They were sent down to find if there was any opportunity for selling shoes, and they wrote telegrams back to Manchester. And one of them wrote, ""Situation hopeless. Stop. They don't wear shoes."" And the other one wrote, ""Glorious opportunity. They don't have any shoes yet.""(Laughter)Now, there's a similar situation in the classical music world, because there are some people who think that classical music is dying. And there are some of us who think you ain't seen nothing yet."
2046	adjudicated	1	I'm going to talk to you about optimism — or more precisely, the optimism bias. It's a cognitive illusion that we've been studying in my lab for the past few years, and 80 percent of us have it.It's our tendency to overestimate our likelihood of experiencing good events in our lives and underestimate our likelihood of experiencing bad events. So we underestimate our likelihood of suffering from cancer, being in a car accident. We overestimate our longevity, our career prospects. In short, we're more optimistic than realistic, but we are oblivious to the fact.Take marriage for example. In the Western
2445	adjudicated	1	Some of my most wonderful memories of childhood are of spending time with my grandmother, Mamar, in our four-family home in Brooklyn, New York. Her apartment was an oasis. It was a place where I could sneak a cup of coffee, which was really warm milk with just a touch of caffeine. She loved life. And although she worked in a factory, she saved her pennies and she traveled to Europe. And I remember poring over those pictures with her and then dancing with her to her favorite music.And then, when I was eight and she was 60, something changed.
535	adjudicated	3	I just want to say, over the last few years I've been — had the opportunity to do this closing conference. And I've had some incredible warm-up acts. About eight years ago, Billy Graham opened for me. And I thought that there was —(Laughter)I thought that there was absolutely no way in hell to top that. But I just wanted to say — and I mean this without irony — I think I can speak for everybody in the audience when I say that I wish to God that you were the President of the United States.(Applause)OK, this is the
3097	adjudicated	1	I'm a journalist, and I'm an immigrant. And these two conditions define me.I was born in Mexico, but I've spent more than half my life reporting in the United States, a country which was itself created by immigrants. As a reporter and as a foreigner, I've learned that neutrality, silence and fear aren't the best options — not in journalism, nor in life. Neutrality is often an excuse that we journalists use to hide from our true responsibility. What is that responsibility? It is to question and to challenge those in positions of power. That's what journalism is for.That's the
1003	adjudicated	1	In 1962, Buckminster Fuller presented the particularly audacious proposal for the Geoscope. It was a 200-foot diameter geodesic sphere to be suspended over the East River in New York City, in full view of the United Nations. It was a big idea, for sure, and it was one that he felt could truly inform and deeply affect the decision making of this body through animations of global data, trends and other information regarding the globe, on this sphere. And today, 45 years later, we clearly have no less need for this kind of clarity and perspective, but what we do
2432	adjudicated	1	"Nine years ago, I worked for the U.S. government in Iraq, helping rebuild the electricity infrastructure. And I was there, and I worked in that job because I believe that technology can improve people's lives. One afternoon, I had tea with a storekeeper at the Al Rasheed Hotel in Baghdad, and he said to me, ""You Americans, you can put a man on the moon, but when I get home tonight, I won't be able to turn on my lights."" At the time, the U.S. government had spent more than two billion dollars on electricity reconstruction. How do you ensure"
656	adjudicated	3	I'd like to do pretty much what I did the first time, which is to choose a light-hearted theme. Last time, I talked about death and dying. This time, I'm going to talk about mental illness. But it has to be technological, so I'll talk about electroshock therapy. (Laughter)You know, ever since man had any notion that some of his other people, his colleagues, could be different, could be strange, could be severely depressed or what we now recognize as schizophrenia, he was certain that this kind of illness had to come from evil spirits getting into the body. So,
2354	adjudicated	3	"My name is Tom, and I've come here today to come clean about what I do for money. Basically, I use my mouth in strange ways in exchange for cash. (Laughter) I usually do this kind of thing in seedy downtown bars and on street corners, so this mightn't be the most appropriate setting, but I'd like to give you guys a bit of a demonstration about what I do. (Beatboxing) And now, for my next number, I'd like to return to the classics. (Applause) We're going to take it back, way back, back into time. (Beatboxing: ""Billie Jean"") ♫"
2421	adjudicated	1	We have a global health challenge in our hands today, and that is that the way we currently discover and develop new drugs is too costly, takes far too long, and it fails more often than it succeeds. It really just isn't working, and that means that patients that badly need new therapies are not getting them, and diseases are going untreated. We seem to be spending more and more money. So for every billion dollars we spend in R&D, we're getting less drugs approved into the market. More money, less drugs. Hmm.So what's going on here? Well, there's a
1525	adjudicated	1	"For a moment, what I need to do is project something on the screen of your imagination. We're in 17th century Japan on the west coast, and a little, wizened monk is hurrying along, near midnight, to the crest of a small hill. He arrives on the small hill, dripping with water. He stands there, and he looks across at the island, Sado. And he scans across the ocean, and he looks at the sky. Then he says to himself, very quietly, ""[Turbulent the sea,] [Stretching across to Sado] [The Milky Way]."" Basho was a brilliant man. He said more"
2109	adjudicated	2	Hi. This is my mobile phone. A mobile phone can change your life, and a mobile phone gives you individual freedom. With a mobile phone, you can shoot a crime against humanity in Syria. With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt. And with a mobile phone, you can record a song, load it up to SoundCloud and become famous. All this is possible with your mobile phone.I'm a child of 1984, and I live in the city of Berlin. Let's go back to that time, to this city. Here you can see
1475	adjudicated	1	Good afternoon. There's a medical revolution happening all around us, and it's one that's going to help us conquer some of society's most dreaded conditions, including cancer. The revolution is called angiogenesis, and it's based on the process that our bodies use to grow blood vessels.So why should we care about blood vessels? Well, the human body is literally packed with them — 60,000 miles worth in a typical adult. End to end, that would form a line that would circle the earth twice. The smallest blood vessels are called capillaries. We've got 19 billion of them in our bodies.
967	adjudicated	2	"You all know this story. In the summer of 1950, Enrico Fermi, the Italian-American physicist and atomic-pile builder, went to lunch at Los Alamos National Laboratory and joined some colleagues there, and asked them a question: ""Where is everybody?"" This confused his colleagues, obviously, because they were sitting right there with him. And then he had to clarify that he wasn't talking about them. He was talking about the space aliens.You see, this was only a few years after the supposed flying saucer crash at Roswell, New Mexico. And even though that turned out to be nothing, nothing at all"
2374	adjudicated	1	Do you think it's possible to control someone's attention? Even more than that, what about predicting human behavior? I think those are interesting ideas. For me, that would be the perfect superpower, actually kind of an evil way of approaching it. But for myself, in the past, I've spent the last 20 years studying human behavior from a rather unorthodox way: picking pockets. When we think of misdirection, we think of something as looking off to the side, when actually the things right in front of us are often the hardest to see, the things that you look at every
1326	adjudicated	2	Actually, I come from Britain, but I've been living in Maldives for 26 years now. So, that's home really. The Maldives, as I'm sure you're aware, are a chain of islands off the southwest coast of India here. Capital, Malé, where I live. Actually, sitting here today in Mysore, we're closer to Malé than we are to Delhi, for example.If you're in IT, India, obviously, is the place to be at the moment. But if you're a marine biologist, Maldives is not such a bad place to be. And it has been my home these years. For those of you
2890	adjudicated	1	Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, and it is my job, my responsibility, as an astronomer to remind people that alien hypotheses should always be a last resort.Now, I want to tell you a story about that. It involves data from a NASA mission, ordinary people and one of the most extraordinary stars in our galaxy.It began in 2009 with the launch of NASA's Kepler mission. Kepler's main scientific objective was to find planets outside of our solar system. It did this by staring at a single field in the sky, this one, with all the tiny boxes. And in this
2575	adjudicated	1	Take a look at this drawing. Can you tell what it is? I'm a molecular biologist by training, and I've seen a lot of these kinds of drawings. They're usually referred to as a model figure, a drawing that shows how we think a cellular or molecular process occurs. This particular drawing is of a process called clathrin-mediated endocytosis. It's a process by which a molecule can get from the outside of the cell to the inside by getting captured in a bubble or a vesicle that then gets internalized by the cell. There's a problem with this drawing, though,
3091	adjudicated	1	My name is Katrina Spade, and I grew up in a medical family where it was fairly normal to talk about death and dying at the dinner table. But I didn't go into medicine like so many of my family members. Instead, I went to architecture school to learn how to design. And while I was there, I began to be curious about what would happen to my physical body after I died. What would my nearest and dearest do with me?So if the existence and the fact of your own mortality doesn't get you down, the state of our
1129	adjudicated	2	One thing I wanted to say about film making is — about this film — in thinking about some of the wonderful talks we've heard here, Michael Moschen, and some of the talks about music, this idea that there is a narrative line, and that music exists in time. A film also exists in time; it's an experience that you should go through emotionally. And in making this film I felt that so many of the documentaries I've seen were all about learning something, or knowledge, or driven by talking heads, and driven by ideas. And I wanted this film
1007	adjudicated	1	These rocks have been hitting our earth for about three billion years, and are responsible for much of what’s gone on on our planet. This is an example of a real meteorite, and you can see all the melting of the iron from the speed and the heat when a meteorite hits the earth, and just how much of it survives and melts. From a meteorite from space, we’re over here with an original Sputnik. This is one of the seven surviving Sputniks that was not launched into space. This is not a copy. The space age began 50 years
2388	adjudicated	1	"""Iran is Israel's best friend, and we do not intend to change our position in relation to Tehran.""Believe it or not, this is a quote from an Israeli prime minister, but it's not Ben-Gurion or Golda Meir from the era of the Shah. It's actually from Yitzhak Rabin. The year is 1987. Ayatollah Khomeini is still alive, and much like Ahmadinejad today, he's using the worst rhetoric against Israel. Yet, Rabin referred to Iran as a geostrategic friend.Today, when we hear the threats of war and the high rhetoric, we're oftentimes led to believe that this is yet another one"
768	adjudicated	3	Thank you so much everyone from TED, and Chris and Amy in particular. I cannot believe I'm here. I have not slept in weeks. Neil and I were sitting there comparing how little we've slept in anticipation for this. I've never been so nervous — and I do this when I'm nervous, I just realized. (Laughter) So, I'm going to talk about sort of what we did at this organization called 826 Valencia, and then I'm going to talk about how we all might join in and do similar things.Back in about 2000, I was living in Brooklyn, I was
2826	adjudicated	1	In 2008, Burhan Hassan, age 17, boarded a flight from Minneapolis to the Horn of Africa. And while Burhan was the youngest recruit, he was not alone. Al-Shabaab managed to recruit over two dozen young men in their late teens and early 20s with a heavy presence on social media platforms like Facebook. With the Internet and other technologies, they've changed our everyday lives, but they've also changed recruitment, radicalization and the front lines of conflict today.What about the links connecting Twitter, Google and protesters fighting for democracy? These numbers represent Google's public DNS servers, effectively the only digital border
2739	adjudicated	2	When I was growing up, I really liked playing hide-and-seek a lot. One time, though, I thought climbing a tree would lead to a great hiding spot, but I fell and broke my arm. I actually started first grade with a big cast all over my torso. It was taken off six weeks later, but even then, I couldn't extend my elbow, and I had to do physical therapy to flex and extend it, 100 times per day, seven days per week. I barely did it, because I found it boring and painful, and as a result, it took me
1958	adjudicated	1	Cholera was reported in Haiti for the first time in over 50 years last October. There was no way to predict how far it would spread through water supplies and how bad the situation would get. And not knowing where help was needed always ensured that help was in short supply in the areas that needed it most.We've gotten good at predicting and preparing for storms before they take innocent lives and cause irreversible damage, but we still can't do that with water, and here's why. Right now, if you want to test water in the field, you need a
1344	adjudicated	1	Hi. For those of you who haven't seen dancing bears, these are the dancing bears. In 1995, we started working on a two-year investigative research project to try and find out what was going on. Because the sloth bears in the wild were obviously getting depleted because of this. This is the Qalandar community. They are a marginalized Islamic community who live across India, and have been in India since the 13th century.We went about getting evidence of what was going on. And this is footage from a hidden camera in a button. And we went in, pretending to be
187	adjudicated	1	I'm Rich Baraniuk and what I'd like to talk a little bit about today are some ideas that I think have just tremendous resonance with all the things that have been talked about the last two days. So many different points of resonance that it's going to be difficult to bring them all up, but I'll try to do my best. Does anybody remember these?(Laughter)OK, so these are LP records and they've been replaced, right? They've been swept away over the last two decades by these types of world-flattening digitization technologies, right? And I think it was best witnessed when
184	adjudicated	1	In terms of invention, I'd like to tell you the tale of one of my favorite projects. I think it's one of the most exciting that I'm working on, but I think it's also the simplest.It's a project that has the potential to make a huge impact around the world. It addresses one of the biggest health issues on the planet, the number one cause of death in children under five. Which is ...? Water-borne diseases? Diarrhea? Malnutrition? No. It's breathing the smoke from indoor cooking fires — acute respiratory infections caused by this. Can you believe that?I find this
3039	adjudicated	1	Why do we think that stories by men are deemed to be of universal importance, and stories by women are thought to be merely about women?My grandmother left school when she was 12. She had 14 children. My mother left school when she was 15. She was a secretary. I graduated from university to become a theater director, and that progress is entirely to do with the fact that people I'll never meet fought for women to have rights, get the vote, get education, have progress. And I'm determined to do the same, and obviously you are, too. Why not?(Applause)So
1550	adjudicated	1	"I want you to take a trip with me. Picture yourself driving down a small road in Africa, and as you drive along, you look off to the side, and this is what you see: you see a field of graves. And you stop, and you get out of your car and you take a picture. And you go into the town, and you inquire, ""What's going on here?"" and people are initially reluctant to tell you. And then someone says, ""These are the recent AIDS deaths in our community."" HIV isn't like other medical conditions; it's stigmatizing. People are"
2419	adjudicated	1	So yesterday, I was out in the street in front of this building, and I was walking down the sidewalk, and I had company, several of us, and we were all abiding by the rules of walking down sidewalks. We're not talking each other. We're facing forward. We're moving. When the person in front of me slows down. And so I'm watching him, and he slows down, and finally he stops. Well, that wasn't fast enough for me, so I put on my turn signal, and I walked around him, and as I walked, I looked to see what he
1999	adjudicated	1	The brain is an amazing and complex organ. And while many people are fascinated by the brain, they can't really tell you that much about the properties about how the brain works because we don't teach neuroscience in schools.And one of the reasons why is that the equipment is so complex and so expensive that it's really only done at major universities and large institutions. And so in order to be able to access the brain, you really need to dedicate your life and spend six and a half years as a graduate student just to become a neuroscientist to
2457	adjudicated	1	Five years ago, I was a Ph.D. student living two lives. In one, I used NASA supercomputers to design next-generation spacecraft, and in the other I was a data scientist looking for potential smugglers of sensitive nuclear technologies. As a data scientist, I did a lot of analyses, mostly of facilities, industrial facilities around the world. And I was always looking for a better canvas to tie these all together. And one day, I was thinking about how all data has a location, and I realized that the answer had been staring me in the face. Although I was a
1434	adjudicated	2	I wanted to be a rock star. I dreamed of it, and that's all I dreamed of. To be more accurate, I wanted to be a pop star. This was in the late '80s. And mostly I wanted to be the fifth member of Depeche Mode or Duran Duran. They wouldn't have me. I didn't read music, but I played synthesizers and drum machines. And I grew up in this little farming town in northern Nevada. And I was certain that's what my life would be.And when I went to college at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas when I
3021	adjudicated	1	"The last time I heard my son's voice was when he walked out the front door on his way to school. He called out one word in the darkness: ""Bye.""It was April 20, 1999. Later that morning, at Columbine High School, my son Dylan and his friend Eric killed 12 students and a teacher and wounded more than 20 others before taking their own lives. Thirteen innocent people were killed, leaving their loved ones in a state of grief and trauma. Others sustained injuries, some resulting in disfigurement and permanent disability. But the enormity of the tragedy can't be measured"
840	adjudicated	1	Those of you who know me know how passionate I am about opening the space frontier. So when I had the chance to give the world's expert in gravity the experience of zero gravity, it was incredible. And I want to tell you that story. I first met him through the Archon X PRIZE for Genomics. It's a competition we're holding, the second X PRIZE, for the first team to sequence 100 human genomes in 10 days. We have something called the Genome 100 — 100 individuals we're sequencing as part of that. Craig Venter chairs that event.And I met
2927	adjudicated	1	I've got a confession. I love looking through people's garbage. Now, it's not some creepy thing. I'm usually just looking for old electronics, stuff I can take to my workshop and hack. I do have a fetish for CD-ROM drives. Each one's got three different motors, so now you can build things that move. There's switches so you can turn things on and off. There's even a freaking laser, so you can make a cool robot into an awesome robot.Now, I've built a lot of stuff out of garbage, and some of these things have even been kind of useful.
1957	adjudicated	1	What I'm going to show you are the astonishing molecular machines that create the living fabric of your body. Now molecules are really, really tiny. And by tiny, I mean really. They're smaller than a wavelength of light, so we have no way to directly observe them. But through science, we do have a fairly good idea of what's going on down at the molecular scale. So what we can do is actually tell you about the molecules, but we don't really have a direct way of showing you the molecules.One way around this is to draw pictures. And this
2569	adjudicated	3	Puzzles and magic. I work in what most people think are two distinct fields, but I believe they are the same. I am both a magician and a New York Times crossword puzzle constructor, which basically means I've taken the world's two nerdiest hobbies and combined them into one career. And I believe that magic and puzzles are the same because they both key into one of the most important human drives: the urge to solve. Human beings are wired to solve, to make order out of chaos.It's certainly true for me. I've been solving my whole life. High school
1940	adjudicated	2	I'm here to spread the word about the magnificence of spiders and how much we can learn from them. Spiders are truly global citizens. You can find spiders in nearly every terrestrial habitat. This red dot marks the Great Basin of North America, and I'm involved with an alpine biodiversity project there with some collaborators. Here's one of our field sites, and just to give you a sense of perspective, this little blue smudge here, that's one of my collaborators. This is a rugged and barren landscape, yet there are quite a few spiders here. Turning rocks over revealed this
3131	adjudicated	1	Today, I'm going to talk about AI and us. AI researchers have always said that we humans do not need to worry, because only menial jobs will be taken over by machines. Is that really true? They have also said that AI will create new jobs, so those who lose their jobs will find a new one. Of course. But the real question is: How many of those who may lose their jobs to AI will be able to land a new one, especially when AI is smart enough to learn better than most of us?Let me ask you a
2841	adjudicated	2	Imagine you're in Rome, and you've made your way to the Vatican Museums. And you've been shuffling down long corridors, past statues, frescoes, lots and lots of stuff. You're heading towards the Sistine Chapel. At last — a long corridor, a stair and a door. You're at the threshold of the Sistine Chapel.So what are you expecting? Soaring domes? Choirs of angels? We don't really have any of that there. Instead, you may ask yourself, what do we have?Well, curtains up on the Sistine Chapel. And I mean literally, you're surrounded by painted curtains, the original decoration of this chapel.
1221	adjudicated	1	I just want to say my name is Emmanuel Jal. And I come from a long way. I've been telling a story that has been so painful for me. It's been a tough journey for me, traveling the world, telling my story in form of a book. And also telling it like now. And also, the easiest one was when I was doing it in form of a music.So I have branded myself as a war child. I'm doing this because of an old lady in my village now, who have lost her children. There is no newspaper to cover
1578	adjudicated	1	Well, there's lots to talk about, but I think I'm just going to play to start off.(Music)♫ When I wake up ♫ ♫ in the morning ♫ ♫ I pour the coffee ♫ ♫ I read the paper ♫ ♫ And then I slowly ♫ ♫ and so softly ♫ ♫ do the dishes ♫ ♫ So feed the fishes ♫ ♫ You sing me happy birthday ♫ ♫ Like it's gonna be ♫ ♫ your last day ♫ ♫ here on Earth ♫(Applause)All right. So, I wanted to do something special today. I want to debut a new song
1306	adjudicated	1	All buildings today have something in common. They're made using Victorian technologies. This involves blueprints, industrial manufacturing and construction using teams of workers. All of this effort results in an inert object. And that means that there is a one-way transfer of energy from our environment into our homes and cities. This is not sustainable. I believe that the only way that it is possible for us to construct genuinely sustainable homes and cities is by connecting them to nature, not insulating them from it.Now, in order to do this, we need the right kind of language. Living systems are
40	adjudicated	1	If you're here today — and I'm very happy that you are — you've all heard about how sustainable development will save us from ourselves. However, when we're not at TED, we are often told that a real sustainability policy agenda is just not feasible, especially in large urban areas like New York City. And that's because most people with decision-making powers, in both the public and the private sector, really don't feel as though they're in danger.The reason why I'm here today, in part, is because of a dog — an abandoned puppy I found back in the rain,
1942	adjudicated	2	Okay, I have no idea what we're going to play. I won't be able to tell you what it is until it happens. I didn't realize there was going to be a little music before. So I think I'm going to start with what I just heard.(Music)(Applause)Okay, so first of all, let's welcome Mr. Jamire Williams on the drums, (Applause) Burniss Travis on the bass, (Applause) and Mr. Christian Sands on the piano.(Applause)So the bandstand, as we call it, this is an incredible space. It is really a sacred space. And one of the things that is really sacred about
2528	adjudicated	3	I'm assuming everyone here has watched a TED Talk online at one time or another, right? So what I'm going to do is play this. This is the song from the TED Talks online. (Music) And I'm going to slow it down because things sound cooler when they're slower. (Music) Ken Robinson: Good morning. How are you? Mark Applebaum: I'm going to — Kate Stone: — mix some music. MA: I'm going to do so in a way that tells a story. Tod Machover: Something nobody's ever heard before. KS: I have a crossfader. Julian Treasure: I call this the
1828	adjudicated	1	Each of you possesses the most powerful, dangerous and subversive trait that natural selection has ever devised. It's a piece of neural audio technology for rewiring other people's minds. I'm talking about your language, of course, because it allows you to implant a thought from your mind directly into someone else's mind, and they can attempt to do the same to you, without either of you having to perform surgery. Instead, when you speak, you're actually using a form of telemetry not so different from the remote control device for your television. It's just that, whereas that device relies on
3001	adjudicated	1	So, my journey began in the Bronx, New York, in a one-bedroom apartment, with my two sisters and immigrant mother. I loved our neighborhood. It was lively. There was all this merengue blasting, neighbors socializing on building stoops and animated conversations over domino playing. It was home, and it was sweet. But it wasn't simple. In fact, everyone at school knew the block where we lived, because it was where people came to buy weed and other drugs. And with drug-dealing comes conflict, so we often went to sleep to the sound of gunshots.I spent much of my childhood worried,
884	adjudicated	2	I got my first computer when I was a teenager growing up in Accra, and it was a really cool device. You could play games with it. You could program it in BASIC. And I was fascinated. So I went into the library to figure out how did this thing work. I read about how the CPU is constantly shuffling data back and forth between the memory, the RAM and the ALU, the arithmetic and logic unit. And I thought to myself, this CPU really has to work like crazy just to keep all this data moving through the system.But
891	adjudicated	1	I have a tough job to do. You know, when I looked at the profile of the audience here, with their connotations and design, in all its forms, and with so much and so many people working on collaborative and networks, and so on, that I wanted to tell you, I wanted to build an argument for primary education in a very specific context. In order to do that in 20 minutes, I have to bring out four ideas — it's like four pieces of a puzzle. And if I succeed in doing that, maybe you would go back with
1613	adjudicated	1	So for any of us in this room today, let's start out by admitting we're lucky. We don't live in the world our mothers lived in, our grandmothers lived in, where career choices for women were so limited. And if you're in this room today, most of us grew up in a world where we have basic civil rights, and amazingly, we still live in a world where some women don't have them. But all that aside, we still have a problem, and it's a real problem. And the problem is this: Women are not making it to the top
3140	adjudicated	3	I was born and raised in Dakar, Senegal, and through a combination of accidents and cosmic justice, became a chef in the US.(Laughter)When I first arrived in New York, I began working in these restaurants — different types of restaurants — from French bistro to Italian, global ethnic to modern American. At the time, New York was already well-established as a food capital of the world. However ... with the exception of a few West African and Ethiopian mom-and-pop eateries, there was no such thing as African cuisine in the entire city.Early in my life, I was influenced by Senegal's
3083	adjudicated	2	"She wrote: ""When I become famous, I will tell everyone that I know a hero named Marlon Peterson.""Heroes rarely look like me. In fact, I'm what garbage looks like. No, not the most appealing way to open a talk or start a conversation, and perhaps you have some questions going through your head about that. Why would this man say such a thing about himself? What does he mean? How can someone view him as a hero when he sees himself as garbage?I believe we learn more from questions than we do from answers. Because when we're questioning something, we're"
1570	adjudicated	1	I'm going to talk to you about power in this 21st century. And basically, what I'd like to tell you is that power is changing, and there are two types of changes I want to discuss. One is power transition, which is change of power amongst states. And there the simple version of the message is it's moving from West to East. The other is power diffusion, the way power is moving from all states West or East to non-state actors. Those two things are the huge shifts of power in our century. And I want to tell you about
3062	adjudicated	2	The school of architecture that I studied at some 30 years ago happened to be across the street from the wonderful art gallery designed by the great architect Louis Kahn. I love the building, and I used to visit it quite often. One day, I saw the security guard run his hand across the concrete wall. And it was the way he did it, the expression on his face — something touched me. I could see that the security guard was moved by the building and that architecture has that capacity to move you. I could see it, and I
